abook                                           install
accountsservice                                 install
acl                                             install
acpi                                            install
acpi-support                                    install
acpid                                           install
adduser                                         install
adw-gtk3                                        deinstall
adwaita-icon-theme                              install
adwaita-icon-theme-full                         install
alsa-base                                       install
alsa-topology-conf                              install
alsa-ucm-conf                                   install
alsa-utils                                      install
amfora                                          install
an-anime-game-launcher                          install
anacron                                         install
ananicy-cpp                                     deinstall
ani-cli-bin                                     deinstall
anydesk                                         install
anytype                                         install
apache2                                         install
apache2-bin                                     install
apache2-data                                    install
apache2-utils                                   install
apg                                             install
apparmor                                        install
appimagelauncher                                install
appmenu-gtk-module-common                       install
appmenu-gtk3-module:amd64                       install
apport                                          install
apport-gtk                                      install
apport-symptoms                                 install
appstream                                       install
apt                                             install
apt-config-icons                                install
apt-config-icons-hidpi                          install
apt-config-icons-large                          install
apt-config-icons-large-hidpi                    install
apt-transport-https                             install
apt-utils                                       install
aptdaemon                                       install
aptdaemon-data                                  install
aptitude                                        install
aptitude-common                                 install
apturl                                          install
apturl-common                                   install
arduino-cli-bin                                 deinstall
arduino-ide-bin                                 deinstall
aria2                                           install
armcord                                         install
asciidoc                                        install
asciidoc-base                                   install
asciidoc-common                                 install
asciidoctor                                     install
aspell                                          install
aspell-en                                       install
at-spi2-common                                  install
at-spi2-core                                    install
atril                                           install
atril-common                                    install
autoconf                                        install
autoconf-archive                                install
automake                                        install
autopoint                                       install
autotools-dev                                   install
avahi-autoipd                                   install
avahi-daemon                                    install
awesome                                         install
awesome-doc                                     install
awesome-extra                                   install
awesome-git                                     deinstall
axel                                            install
ayatana-indicator-application                   deinstall
balena-etcher                                   install
bamfdaemon                                      install
baobab                                          install
base-files                                      install
base-passwd                                     install
bash                                            install
bash-completion                                 install
batsignal                                       deinstall
bazecor                                         install
bc                                              install
bes2600-firmware                                install
bind9-dnsutils                                  install
bind9-host                                      install
bind9-libs:amd64                                install
binfmt-support                                  install
binutils                                        install
binutils-common:amd64                           install
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                       install
bison                                           install
bitwarden                                       install
blackbird-gtk-theme                             install
bleachbit                                       install
blender                                         install
bluebird-gtk-theme                              install
bluedevil                                       install
bluegriffon                                     install
bluetooth                                       install
bluez                                           install
bluez-cups                                      install
bluez-obexd                                     install
bolt                                            install
brave-keyring                                   install
breeze                                          install
breeze-cursor-theme                             install
breeze-gtk-theme                                install
breeze-icon-theme                               install
brltty                                          install
bsdextrautils                                   install
bsdmainutils                                    install
bsdutils                                        install
btop                                            install
btrfs-du                                        install
btrfs-progs                                     install
bubblewrap                                      install
build-essential                                 install
buildah                                         install
busybox-initramfs                               install
busybox-static                                  install
bw                                              install
byobu                                           deinstall
bzip2                                           install
bzip2-doc                                       install
ca-certificates                                 install
ca-certificates-java                            install
ca-certificates-mono                            deinstall
cabextract                                      install
caja                                            install
caja-admin                                      install
caja-common                                     install
caja-eiciel                                     install
caja-extensions-common                          install
caja-image-converter                            install
caja-open-terminal                              install
caja-rename                                     install
caja-seahorse                                   install
caja-sendto                                     install
caja-wallpaper                                  install
caprine                                         install
cargo                                           install
catatonit                                       install
catdoc                                          install
catfish                                         install
cdbs                                            install
celeste                                         deinstall
cheat                                           deinstall
cheese-common                                   install
chromium-codecs-ffmpeg-extra                    install
cider                                           install
cinnamon-common                                 deinstall
cinnamon-control-center-data                    deinstall
cinnamon-desktop-data                           deinstall
cinnamon-settings-daemon                        deinstall
clib                                            deinstall
clipboard                                       install
cmake                                           install
cmake-data                                      install
cmatrix                                         deinstall
code                                            install
codium                                          install
colord                                          install
colord-data                                     install
com.github.libredeb.lightpad                    install
command-not-found                               install
conky                                           install
conky-manager-zcot-git                          deinstall
conky-std                                       deinstall
conmon                                          install
console-setup                                   install
console-setup-linux                             install
containernetworking-plugins                     install
coreutils                                       install
cortile                                         install
cpdb-backend-cups                               install
cpio                                            install
cpp                                             install
cpp-13                                          install
cracklib-runtime                                install
cron                                            install
cron-daemon-common                              install
crun                                            install
cups                                            install
cups-browsed                                    install
cups-bsd                                        install
cups-client                                     install
cups-common                                     install
cups-core-drivers                               install
cups-daemon                                     install
cups-filters                                    install
cups-filters-core-drivers                       install
cups-ipp-utils                                  install
cups-pk-helper                                  install
cups-ppdc                                       install
cups-server-common                              install
curl                                            install
dash                                            install
dbus                                            install
dbus-bin                                        install
dbus-daemon                                     install
dbus-session-bus-common                         install
dbus-system-bus-common                          install
dbus-user-session                               install
dbus-x11                                        install
dc                                              install
dconf-cli                                       install
dconf-editor                                    install
dconf-gsettings-backend:amd64                   install
dconf-service                                   install
deadbeef-static                                 install
debconf                                         install
debconf-i18n                                    install
debhelper                                       install
debianutils                                     install
debugedit                                       install
default-jre                                     install
default-jre-headless                            install
desktop-base                                    install
desktop-file-utils                              install
dex                                             install
dh-autoreconf                                   install
dh-strip-nondeterminism                         install
dh-translations                                 install
dhcpcd-base                                     install
dialog                                          install
dictionaries-common                             install
diffutils                                       install
dino                                            install
directx-headers-dev                             install
dirmngr                                         install
discord-canary                                  deinstall
distro-info                                     install
distro-info-data                                install
distrobox                                       deinstall
dmenu                                           install
dmidecode                                       install
dmsetup                                         install
dmz-cursor-theme                                install
dns-root-data                                   install
dnsmasq-base                                    install
doc-base                                        install
docbook-xml                                     install
docbook-xsl                                     install
docker                                          deinstall
docker-buildx-plugin                            install
docutils-common                                 install
dosfstools                                      install
doxygen                                         install
dpkg                                            install
dpkg-dev                                        install
dracut-install                                  install
draw.io                                         install
drkonqi                                         install
dropbox                                         install
dunst                                           deinstall
dust                                            install
dwz                                             install
e2fsprogs                                       install
easy-zsh-config                                 deinstall
ed                                              install
eject                                           install
electerm                                        install
electron-mail                                   install
element-desktop                                 install
elementary-xfce-icon-theme                      install
elinks                                          install
elinks-data                                     install
emacsen-common                                  install
emby-server                                     install
enchant-2                                       install
endlessh                                        install
engrampa                                        install
engrampa-common                                 install
eom                                             install
eom-common                                      install
espeak                                          install
espeak-data:amd64                               install
espeak-ng-data:amd64                            install
ethtool                                         install
evolution-data-server                           install
evolution-data-server-common                    install
exa                                             install
exercism-cli-bin                                deinstall
exo-utils                                       install
exploitdb                                       install
expressvpn                                      install
extra-cmake-modules                             install
eza                                             install
fakeroot                                        install
fast                                            deinstall
feh                                             install
fennel                                          deinstall
fennel-bin                                      deinstall
ferdium                                         install
ferium-bin                                      deinstall
feroxbuster                                     install
ffmpeg                                          install
ffmpegthumbnailer                               install
ffsend                                          install
fig2dev                                         install
file                                            install
findutils                                       install
firefox                                         install
firefox-developer-edition-bin                   deinstall
firmware-sof-signed                             deinstall
flatpak                                         install
flex                                            install
floorp                                          install
fluid-soundfont-gm                              install
fluid-soundfont-gs                              install
fluidsynth                                      install
fm6000                                          install
fnlfmt                                          deinstall
fontconfig                                      install
fontconfig-config                               install
fonts-beng                                      install
fonts-beng-extra                                install
fonts-dejavu                                    install
fonts-dejavu-core                               install
fonts-dejavu-extra                              install
fonts-dejavu-mono                               install
fonts-deva                                      install
fonts-deva-extra                                install
fonts-droid-fallback                            install
fonts-freefont-ttf                              install
fonts-gargi                                     install
fonts-gubbi                                     install
fonts-gujr                                      install
fonts-gujr-extra                                install
fonts-guru                                      install
fonts-guru-extra                                install
fonts-hack                                      install
fonts-indic                                     install
fonts-kacst                                     install
fonts-kacst-one                                 install
fonts-kalapi                                    install
fonts-khmeros-core                              install
fonts-knda                                      install
fonts-lao                                       install
fonts-lato                                      install
fonts-liberation                                install
fonts-liberation-sans-narrow                    install
fonts-lklug-sinhala                             install
fonts-lohit-beng-assamese                       install
fonts-lohit-beng-bengali                        install
fonts-lohit-deva                                install
fonts-lohit-gujr                                install
fonts-lohit-guru                                install
fonts-lohit-knda                                install
fonts-lohit-mlym                                install
fonts-lohit-orya                                install
fonts-lohit-taml                                install
fonts-lohit-taml-classical                      install
fonts-lohit-telu                                install
fonts-mathjax                                   install
fonts-mlym                                      install
fonts-nakula                                    install
fonts-navilu                                    install
fonts-noto-cjk                                  install
fonts-noto-color-emoji                          install
fonts-noto-core                                 install
fonts-noto-hinted                               install
fonts-noto-mono                                 install
fonts-noto-ui-core                              install
fonts-noto-unhinted                             install
fonts-opensymbol                                install
fonts-orya                                      install
fonts-orya-extra                                install
fonts-pagul                                     install
fonts-quicksand                                 install
fonts-sahadeva                                  install
fonts-samyak-deva                               install
fonts-samyak-gujr                               install
fonts-samyak-mlym                               install
fonts-samyak-taml                               install
fonts-sarai                                     install
fonts-sil-abyssinica                            install
fonts-sil-annapurna                             install
fonts-sil-padauk                                install
fonts-smc                                       install
fonts-smc-anjalioldlipi                         install
fonts-smc-chilanka                              install
fonts-smc-dyuthi                                install
fonts-smc-gayathri                              install
fonts-smc-karumbi                               install
fonts-smc-keraleeyam                            install
fonts-smc-manjari                               install
fonts-smc-meera                                 install
fonts-smc-rachana                               install
fonts-smc-raghumalayalamsans                    install
fonts-smc-suruma                                install
fonts-smc-uroob                                 install
fonts-symbola                                   install
fonts-taml                                      install
fonts-telu                                      install
fonts-telu-extra                                install
fonts-teluguvijayam                             install
fonts-thai-tlwg                                 install
fonts-tibetan-machine                           install
fonts-tlwg-garuda                               install
fonts-tlwg-garuda-ttf                           install
fonts-tlwg-kinnari                              install
fonts-tlwg-kinnari-ttf                          install
fonts-tlwg-laksaman                             install
fonts-tlwg-laksaman-ttf                         install
fonts-tlwg-loma                                 install
fonts-tlwg-loma-ttf                             install
fonts-tlwg-mono                                 install
fonts-tlwg-mono-ttf                             install
fonts-tlwg-norasi                               install
fonts-tlwg-norasi-ttf                           install
fonts-tlwg-purisa                               install
fonts-tlwg-purisa-ttf                           install
fonts-tlwg-sawasdee                             install
fonts-tlwg-sawasdee-ttf                         install
fonts-tlwg-typewriter                           install
fonts-tlwg-typewriter-ttf                       install
fonts-tlwg-typist                               install
fonts-tlwg-typist-ttf                           install
fonts-tlwg-typo                                 install
fonts-tlwg-typo-ttf                             install
fonts-tlwg-umpush                               install
fonts-tlwg-umpush-ttf                           install
fonts-tlwg-waree                                install
fonts-tlwg-waree-ttf                            install
fonts-ubuntu                                    install
fonts-urw-base35                                install
fonts-wine                                      install
fonts-yrsa-rasa                                 install
foomatic-db-compressed-ppds                     install
fop                                             install
frameworkintegration                            install
freetube                                        install
friendly-recovery                               install
fselect                                         install
ftp                                             install
fuse-overlayfs                                  install
fuse3                                           install
fuseiso                                         install
fwupd                                           install
fwupd-signed                                    install
fzf                                             install
g++                                             install
g++-13                                          install
g++-13-multilib                                 install
g++-multilib                                    install
galaxybudsclient                                install
gameconqueror                                   install
gamemode                                        install
gamemode-daemon                                 install
gamin                                           install
gawk                                            install
gcc                                             install
gcc-11-base:amd64                               install
gcc-13                                          install
gcc-13-base:amd64                               install
gcc-13-multilib                                 install
gcc-multilib                                    install
gconf-service                                   install
gconf-service-backend                           install
gconf2                                          install
gconf2-common                                   install
gcr                                             install
gdal-data                                       install
gdb                                             install
gdm3                                            install
gedit                                           install
gedit-common                                    install
geekbench                                       install
geforcenow-electron                             install
genymotion                                      install
geoclue-2.0                                     install
geocode-glib-common                             install
gettext                                         install
gettext-base                                    install
ghostscript                                     install
ghostscript-x:amd64                             install
gigolo                                          install
gimp-data                                       install
gir1.2-accountsservice-1.0:amd64                install
gir1.2-adw-1:amd64                              install
gir1.2-appindicator3-0.1                        install
gir1.2-appstream-1.0:amd64                      install
gir1.2-atk-1.0:amd64                            install
gir1.2-atspi-2.0:amd64                          install
gir1.2-bamf-3:amd64                             install
gir1.2-caja-2.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-cheese-3.0:amd64                         install
gir1.2-clutter-1.0:amd64                        install
gir1.2-clutter-gst-3.0:amd64                    install
gir1.2-cogl-1.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-coglpango-1.0:amd64                      install
gir1.2-dbusmenu-glib-0.4:amd64                  install
gir1.2-dee-1.0:amd64                            install
gir1.2-eom-1.0                                  install
gir1.2-freedesktop:amd64                        install
gir1.2-garcon-1.0:amd64                         install
gir1.2-gck-1:amd64                              install
gir1.2-gcr-3:amd64                              install
gir1.2-gdesktopenums-3.0:amd64                  install
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0:amd64                      install
gir1.2-gdm-1.0                                  install
gir1.2-gee-0.8:amd64                            install
gir1.2-geoclue-2.0:amd64                        install
gir1.2-geocodeglib-2.0:amd64                    install
gir1.2-gkbd-3.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-glib-2.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-gmenu-3.0:amd64                          install
gir1.2-gnomebg-4.0:amd64                        install
gir1.2-gnomebluetooth-3.0:amd64                 install
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-3.0:amd64                   install
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-4.0:amd64                   install
gir1.2-goa-1.0:amd64                            install
gir1.2-granite-1.0                              install
gir1.2-graphene-1.0:amd64                       install
gir1.2-gspell-1:amd64                           install
gir1.2-gst-plugins-bad-1.0:amd64                install
gir1.2-gst-plugins-base-1.0:amd64               install
gir1.2-gstreamer-1.0:amd64                      install
gir1.2-gtk-3.0:amd64                            install
gir1.2-gtk-4.0:amd64                            install
gir1.2-gtkclutter-1.0:amd64                     install
gir1.2-gtklayershell-0.1                        install
gir1.2-gtksource-3.0:amd64                      install
gir1.2-gtksource-4:amd64                        install
gir1.2-gudev-1.0:amd64                          install
gir1.2-gweather-4.0:amd64                       install
gir1.2-handy-0.0:amd64                          install
gir1.2-handy-1:amd64                            install
gir1.2-harfbuzz-0.0:amd64                       install
gir1.2-ibus-1.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-javascriptcoregtk-4.0:amd64              install
gir1.2-javascriptcoregtk-4.1:amd64              install
gir1.2-javascriptcoregtk-6.0:amd64              install
gir1.2-json-1.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-libxfce4panel-2.0                        install
gir1.2-libxfce4ui-2.0:amd64                     install
gir1.2-libxfce4util-1.0:amd64                   install
gir1.2-matedesktop-2.0:amd64                    install
gir1.2-matemenu-2.0:amd64                       install
gir1.2-matepanelapplet-4.0:amd64                install
gir1.2-mutter-13:amd64                          install
gir1.2-nautilus-3.0:amd64                       install
gir1.2-nm-1.0:amd64                             install
gir1.2-nma4-1.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-notify-0.7:amd64                         install
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0                       install
gir1.2-pango-1.0:amd64                          install
gir1.2-peas-1.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-pluma-1.0                                install
gir1.2-polkit-1.0                               install
gir1.2-rb-3.0:amd64                             install
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-secret-1:amd64                           install
gir1.2-soup-2.4:amd64                           install
gir1.2-soup-3.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-unity-7.0:amd64                          install
gir1.2-upowerglib-1.0:amd64                     install
gir1.2-vte-2.91:amd64                           install
gir1.2-vte-3.91:amd64                           install
gir1.2-webkit-6.0:amd64                         install
gir1.2-webkit2-4.0:amd64                        install
gir1.2-webkit2-4.1:amd64                        install
gir1.2-wnck-3.0:amd64                           install
gir1.2-xfconf-0                                 install
gir1.2-xkl-1.0:amd64                            install
git                                             install
git-extras                                      deinstall
git-man                                         install
gitfiend                                        install
github-desktop                                  install
gjs                                             install
gkbd-capplet                                    install
glib-networking:amd64                           install
glib-networking-common                          install
glib-networking-services                        install
glslang-tools                                   install
gnome-accessibility-themes                      install
gnome-bluetooth-3-common                        install
gnome-bluetooth-sendto                          install
gnome-control-center                            install
gnome-control-center-data                       install
gnome-control-center-faces                      install
gnome-desktop3-data                             install
gnome-disk-utility                              install
gnome-font-viewer                               install
gnome-keyring                                   install
gnome-keyring-pkcs11:amd64                      install
gnome-menus                                     install
gnome-mines                                     install
gnome-online-accounts                           install
gnome-remote-desktop                            install
gnome-session-bin                               install
gnome-session-common                            install
gnome-settings-daemon                           install
gnome-settings-daemon-common                    install
gnome-shell                                     install
gnome-shell-common                              install
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator              install
gnome-shell-extension-installer                 install
gnome-software                                  install
gnome-software-common                           install
gnome-software-plugin-flatpak                   install
gnome-software-plugin-snap                      install
gnome-startup-applications                      install
gnome-sudoku                                    install
gnome-system-tools                              install
gnome-themes-extra:amd64                        install
gnome-themes-extra-data                         install
gnome-themes-standard                           install
gnome-tweaks                                    install
gnome-user-docs                                 install
gnupg                                           install
gnupg-l10n                                      install
gnupg-utils                                     install
gobject-introspection                           install
golang-1.21-go                                  install
golang-1.21-src                                 install
golang-github-containernetworking-plugin-dnsname        install
golang-github-containers-common                 install
golang-github-containers-image                  install
golang-go:amd64                                 install
golang-src                                      install
google-chrome-beta                              install
google-chrome-stable                            install
google-chrome-unstable                          install
goverlay                                        install
gpg                                             install
gpg-agent                                       install
gpg-wks-client                                  install
gpg-wks-server                                  install
gpgconf                                         install
gpgsm                                           install
gpgv                                            install
grapejuice                                      install
graphviz                                        install
grep                                            install
greybird-gtk-theme                              install
groff-base                                      install
grub-common                                     install
grub-customizer                                 install
gsettings-desktop-schemas                       install
gstreamer1.0-clutter-3.0:amd64                  install
gstreamer1.0-gl:amd64                           install
gstreamer1.0-gtk3:amd64                         install
gstreamer1.0-libav:amd64                        install
gstreamer1.0-pipewire:amd64                     install
gstreamer1.0-plugins-base:amd64                 install
gstreamer1.0-plugins-good:amd64                 install
gstreamer1.0-pulseaudio:amd64                   install
gstreamer1.0-tools                              install
gstreamer1.0-vaapi:amd64                        install
gstreamer1.0-x:amd64                            install
gtk-update-icon-cache                           install
gtk2-engines:amd64                              install
gtk2-engines-murrine:amd64                      install
gtk2-engines-pixbuf:amd64                       install
gucharmap                                       install
gvfs:amd64                                      install
gvfs-backends                                   install
gvfs-common                                     install
gvfs-daemons                                    install
gvfs-fuse                                       install
gvfs-libs:amd64                                 install
gzip                                            install
hakuneko-desktop                                install
hdparm                                          install
helix                                           deinstall
help2man                                        install
heroic                                          install
hexchat                                         install
hexchat-common                                  install
hexchat-lua:amd64                               install
hexchat-perl:amd64                              install
hexchat-plugins:amd64                           install
hexchat-python3:amd64                           install
hicolor-icon-theme                              install
highlight-pointer                               install
hostapd                                         install
hostname                                        install
hplip                                           install
hplip-data                                      install
htop                                            install
httptoolkit                                     install
humanity-icon-theme                             install
hunspell-en-us                                  install
hwdata                                          install
hwinfo                                          install
hyper                                           install
hyperfine-bin                                   deinstall
i3blocks-git                                    deinstall
i3lock                                          install
i965-va-driver:amd64                            install
ibus                                            install
ibus-data                                       install
ibus-gtk:amd64                                  install
ibus-gtk3:amd64                                 install
ibus-gtk4:amd64                                 install
ibverbs-providers:amd64                         install
icc-profiles-free                               install
icu-devtools                                    install
ieee-data                                       install
iio-sensor-proxy                                install
im-config                                       install
imagemagick                                     install
imagemagick-6-common                            install
imagemagick-6.q16                               install
imwheel-exclude-patched-git                     deinstall
indicator-common                                install
indicator-messages                              install
inetutils-telnet                                install
info                                            install
init                                            install
init-system-helpers                             install
initramfs-tools                                 install
initramfs-tools-bin                             install
initramfs-tools-core                            install
inkscape                                        install
inputattach                                     install
insomnia                                        install
install-info                                    install
intel-media-va-driver:amd64                     install
intel-undervolt                                 deinstall
internxt-drive                                  install
intltool                                        install
intltool-debian                                 install
inxi                                            install
ipp-usb                                         install
iproute2                                        install
iptables                                        install
iputils-ping                                    install
iputils-tracepath                               install
irqbalance                                      install
isc-dhcp-client                                 install
isc-dhcp-common                                 install
iso-codes                                       install
ivpn                                            install
iw                                              install
java-common                                     install
java-wrappers                                   install
javascript-common                               install
jq                                              install
kaccounts-providers                             install
kactivities-bin                                 install
kactivitymanagerd                               install
kbd                                             install
kde-cli-tools                                   install
kde-cli-tools-data                              install
kde-config-gtk-style:amd64                      install
kde-config-screenlocker                         install
kde-config-sddm                                 install
kde-config-updates                              install
kde-style-breeze                                install
kde-style-oxygen-qt5                            install
kdeconnect                                      install
kded5                                           install
kdoctools5                                      install
keditbookmarks                                  install
kerneloops                                      install
keyboard-configuration                          install
kgamma5:amd64                                   install
khelpcenter                                     install
khotkeys:amd64                                  install
khotkeys-data                                   install
kinfocenter                                     install
kinit                                           install
kio                                             install
kio-extras                                      install
kio-extras-data                                 install
kirc                                            deinstall
kirigami2-dev                                   install
klibc-utils                                     install
kmenuedit                                       install
kmod                                            install
koodo-reader                                    install
kpackagelauncherqml                             install
kpackagetool5                                   install
kpeople-vcard:amd64                             install
kquickcharts-dev                                install
krita                                           install
krita-data                                      install
krita-gmic                                      install
kscreen                                         install
ksshaskpass                                     install
ksystemstats                                    install
ktexteditor-data                                install
ktexteditor-katepart                            install
kup-backup                                      install
kuserfeedback-doc                               install
kwalletmanager                                  install
kwayland-data                                   install
kwayland-integration:amd64                      install
kwin-common                                     install
kwin-data                                       install
kwin-style-breeze                               install
kwin-x11                                        install
kwrited                                         install
kxstudio-repos                                  install
language-selector-common                        install
language-selector-gnome                         install
laptop-detect                                   install
latte-dock-git                                  deinstall
layer-shell-qt                                  install
lazygit                                         deinstall
lbry                                            install
lemonbar-xft-git                                deinstall
less                                            install
lf                                              install
lib2geom1.1.0:amd64                             install
lib32asan8                                      install
lib32atomic1                                    install
lib32gcc-13-dev                                 install
lib32gcc-s1                                     install
lib32gomp1                                      install
lib32itm1                                       install
lib32quadmath0                                  install
lib32stdc++-13-dev                              install
lib32stdc++6                                    install
lib32ubsan1                                     install
liba52-0.7.4:amd64                              install
libaa1:amd64                                    install
libaacs0:amd64                                  install
libabsl20220623:amd64                           install
libabw-0.1-1:amd64                              install
libaccounts-glib0:amd64                         install
libaccounts-qt5-1:amd64                         install
libaccountsservice0:amd64                       install
libacl1:amd64                                   install
libadwaita-1-0:amd64                            install
libadwaita-1-dev:amd64                          install
libaec0:amd64                                   install
libaio1:amd64                                   install
libalgorithm-diff-perl                          install
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl:amd64                 install
libalgorithm-merge-perl                         install
libamd2:amd64                                   install
libann0                                         install
libao-common                                    install
libao4:amd64                                    install
libaom3:amd64                                   install
libapache-pom-java                              install
libapache2-mod-dnssd                            install
libapparmor1:amd64                              install
libappimage0:amd64                              install
libappindicator1                                install
libappindicator3-1                              install
libappindicator3-dev                            install
libappmenu-gtk3-parser0:amd64                   install
libappstream-dev:amd64                          install
libappstream-glib8:amd64                        install
libappstream4:amd64                             install
libappstreamqt2:amd64                           install
libapr1:amd64                                   install
libaprutil1:amd64                               install
libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3:amd64                   install
libaprutil1-ldap:amd64                          install
libapt-pkg6.0:amd64                             install
libarchive-cpio-perl                            install
libarchive-dev:amd64                            install
libarchive-zip-perl                             install
libarchive13:amd64                              install
libargon2-1:amd64                               install
libargon2-dev:amd64                             install
libaria2-0:amd64                                install
libaribb24-0:amd64                              install
libarmadillo10                                  install
libarpack2:amd64                                install
libasan6:amd64                                  install
libasan8:amd64                                  install
libasound2:amd64                                install
libasound2-data                                 install
libasound2-dev:amd64                            install
libasound2-plugins:amd64                        install
libaspell15:amd64                               install
libass9:amd64                                   install
libassuan0:amd64                                install
libasyncns0:amd64                               install
libatasmart4:amd64                              install
libatk-bridge2.0-0:amd64                        install
libatk-bridge2.0-dev:amd64                      install
libatk-wrapper-java                             install
libatk-wrapper-java-jni:amd64                   install
libatk1.0-0:amd64                               install
libatk1.0-dev:amd64                             install
libatkmm-1.6-1v5:amd64                          install
libatkmm-1.6-dev:amd64                          install
libatm1:amd64                                   install
libatomic1:amd64                                install
libatopology2:amd64                             install
libatrildocument3                               install
libatrilview3                                   install
libatspi2.0-0:amd64                             install
libatspi2.0-dev:amd64                           install
libattr1:amd64                                  install
libaudio2:amd64                                 install
libaudit-common                                 install
libaudit1:amd64                                 install
libauthen-sasl-perl                             install
libavahi-client3:amd64                          install
libavahi-common-data:amd64                      install
libavahi-common3:amd64                          install
libavahi-core7:amd64                            install
libavahi-glib1:amd64                            install
libavc1394-0:amd64                              install
libavcodec-dev:amd64                            install
libavcodec-extra:amd64                          install
libavcodec-extra58:amd64                        install
libavdevice58:amd64                             install
libavfilter7:amd64                              install
libavformat-dev:amd64                           install
libavformat58:amd64                             install
libavutil-dev:amd64                             install
libavutil56:amd64                               install
libayatana-ido3-0.4-0:amd64                     install
libayatana-indicator3-7:amd64                   install
libb2-1:amd64                                   install
libbabeltrace1:amd64                            install
libbabl-0.1-0:amd64                             install
libbamf3-2:amd64                                install
libbatik-java                                   install
libbdplus0:amd64                                install
libbinutils:amd64                               install
libblas3:amd64                                  install
libblkid-dev:amd64                              install
libblkid1:amd64                                 install
libblockdev-crypto3:amd64                       install
libblockdev-fs3:amd64                           install
libblockdev-loop3:amd64                         install
libblockdev-mdraid3:amd64                       install
libblockdev-nvme3:amd64                         install
libblockdev-part3:amd64                         install
libblockdev-swap3:amd64                         install
libblockdev-utils3:amd64                        install
libblockdev2:amd64                              deinstall
libblockdev3:amd64                              install
libblosc1:amd64                                 install
libbluetooth3:amd64                             install
libbluray2:amd64                                install
libboost-filesystem1.74.0:amd64                 install
libboost-iostreams1.74.0:amd64                  install
libboost-locale1.74.0:amd64                     install
libboost-regex1.74.0:amd64                      install
libboost-thread1.74.0:amd64                     install
libbotan-2-19:amd64                             install
libbotan-2-dev                                  install
libbpf1:amd64                                   install
libbrlapi0.8:amd64                              install
libbrotli-dev:amd64                             install
libbrotli1:amd64                                install
libbs2b0:amd64                                  install
libbsd0:amd64                                   install
libburn4:amd64                                  install
libbytesize-common                              install
libbytesize1:amd64                              install
libbz2-1.0:amd64                                install
libbz2-dev:amd64                                install
libc++1:amd64                                   install
libc++1-14:amd64                                install
libc++abi1-14:amd64                             install
libc-ares2:amd64                                install
libc-bin                                        install
libc-dev-bin                                    install
libc-devtools                                   install
libc6:amd64                                     install
libc6-dbg:amd64                                 install
libc6-dev:amd64                                 install
libc6-dev-i386                                  install
libc6-dev-x32                                   install
libc6-i386                                      install
libc6-x32                                       install
libcaca0:amd64                                  install
libcairo-gobject-perl                           install
libcairo-gobject2:amd64                         install
libcairo-perl                                   install
libcairo-script-interpreter2:amd64              install
libcairo2:amd64                                 install
libcairo2-dev:amd64                             install
libcairomm-1.0-1v5:amd64                        install
libcairomm-1.0-dev:amd64                        install
libcairomm-1.16-1:amd64                         install
libcaja-extension1:amd64                        install
libcamd2:amd64                                  install
libcamel-1.2-64:amd64                           install
libcanberra-gtk3-0:amd64                        install
libcanberra-gtk3-module:amd64                   install
libcanberra-pulse:amd64                         install
libcanberra0:amd64                              install
libcap-dev:amd64                                install
libcap-ng0:amd64                                install
libcap2:amd64                                   install
libcap2-bin                                     install
libcapi20-3:amd64                               install
libcbor0.8:amd64                                install
libcc1-0:amd64                                  install
libccolamd2:amd64                               install
libcddb2                                        install
libcdio-cdda2:amd64                             install
libcdio-paranoia2:amd64                         install
libcdio19:amd64                                 install
libcdparanoia0:amd64                            install
libcdr-0.1-1:amd64                              install
libcdt5:amd64                                   install
libcfitsio9:amd64                               install
libcgi-fast-perl                                install
libcgi-pm-perl                                  install
libcgraph6:amd64                                install
libcharls2:amd64                                install
libcheese8:amd64                                install
libcholmod3:amd64                               install
libchromaprint1:amd64                           install
libclang-cpp14                                  install
libclang1-14                                    install
libclone-perl:amd64                             install
libclucene-contribs1v5:amd64                    install
libclucene-core1v5:amd64                        install
libclutter-1.0-0:amd64                          install
libclutter-1.0-common                           install
libclutter-gst-3.0-0:amd64                      install
libclutter-gtk-1.0-0:amd64                      install
libcmark-gfm-extensions0.29.0.gfm.3:amd64       install
libcmark-gfm0.29.0.gfm.3:amd64                  install
libcodec2-1.0:amd64                             install
libcogl-common                                  install
libcogl-pango20:amd64                           install
libcogl-path20:amd64                            install
libcogl20:amd64                                 install
libcolamd2:amd64                                install
libcolamd3:amd64                                install
libcolorcorrect5                                install
libcolord-gtk4-1:amd64                          install
libcolord2:amd64                                install
libcolorhug2:amd64                              install
libcom-err2:amd64                               install
libcommon-sense-perl:amd64                      install
libcommons-io-java                              install
libcommons-logging-java                         install
libcommons-parent-java                          install
libconfig-dev:amd64                             install
libconfig-doc                                   install
libconfig9:amd64                                install
libcpdb-frontend2:amd64                         install
libcpdb2:amd64                                  install
libcpufreq0                                     install
libcrack2:amd64                                 install
libcrypt-dev:amd64                              install
libcrypt1:amd64                                 install
libcryptsetup12:amd64                           install
libcryptui0a:amd64                              install
libctf-nobfd0:amd64                             install
libctf0:amd64                                   install
libcue2:amd64                                   install
libcups2:amd64                                  install
libcupsfilters2:amd64                           install
libcupsfilters2-common                          install
libcupsimage2:amd64                             install
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64                           install
libcurl4:amd64                                  install
libcurl4-openssl-dev:amd64                      install
libcwidget4:amd64                               install
libdaemon0:amd64                                install
libdata-dump-perl                               install
libdatrie-dev:amd64                             install
libdatrie1:amd64                                install
libdav1d5:amd64                                 install
libdb5.3:amd64                                  install
libdbus-1-3:amd64                               install
libdbus-1-dev:amd64                             install
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64                          install
libdbus-glib-1-dev:amd64                        install
libdbus-glib-1-dev-bin                          install
libdbusmenu-glib-dev:amd64                      install
libdbusmenu-glib4:amd64                         install
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4:amd64                        install
libdbusmenu-gtk4:amd64                          install
libdbusmenu-qt5-2:amd64                         install
libdc1394-25:amd64                              install
libdc1394-dev:amd64                             install
libdca0:amd64                                   install
libdconf-dev:amd64                              install
libdconf-doc                                    install
libdconf1:amd64                                 install
libddcutil-dev                                  install
libddcutil4                                     install
libde265-0:amd64                                install
libdebconfclient0:amd64                         install
libdebhelper-perl                               install
libdebuginfod-common                            install
libdebuginfod1:amd64                            install
libdecor-0-0:amd64                              install
libdecor-0-plugin-1-cairo:amd64                 install
libdee-1.0-4:amd64                              install
libdeflate-dev:amd64                            install
libdeflate0:amd64                               install
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64                        install
libdjvulibre-dev:amd64                          install
libdjvulibre-text                               install
libdjvulibre21:amd64                            install
libdmapsharing-4.0-3:amd64                      install
libdmtx0b:amd64                                 install
libdotconf0:amd64                               install
libdouble-conversion3:amd64                     install
libdpkg-perl                                    install
libdrm                                          deinstall
libdrm-amdgpu1:amd64                            install
libdrm-common                                   install
libdrm-intel1:amd64                             install
libdrm-nouveau2:amd64                           install
libdrm-radeon1:amd64                            install
libdrm2:amd64                                   install
libduktape207:amd64                             install
libdv4:amd64                                    install
libdvbpsi10:amd64                               install
libdvdnav4:amd64                                install
libdvdread8:amd64                               install
libdw-dev:amd64                                 install
libdw1:amd64                                    install
libe-book-0.1-1:amd64                           install
libebackend-1.2-11:amd64                        install
libebml5:amd64                                  install
libebook-1.2-21:amd64                           install
libebook-contacts-1.2-4:amd64                   install
libecal-2.0-2:amd64                             install
libedata-book-1.2-27:amd64                      install
libedata-cal-2.0-2:amd64                        install
libedataserver-1.2-27:amd64                     install
libedataserverui-1.2-4:amd64                    install
libedit2:amd64                                  install
libeditorconfig0:amd64                          install
libefiboot1:amd64                               install
libefivar1:amd64                                install
libegl-dev:amd64                                install
libegl-mesa0:amd64                              install
libegl1:amd64                                   install
libegl1-mesa:amd64                              install
libegl1-mesa-dev:amd64                          install
libei1:amd64                                    install
libeis1:amd64                                   install
libelf-dev:amd64                                install
libelf1:amd64                                   install
libenca0:amd64                                  install
libenchant-2-2:amd64                            install
libenchant-2-dev:amd64                          install
libencode-locale-perl                           install
libeot0:amd64                                   install
libepoxy-dev:amd64                              install
libepoxy0:amd64                                 install
libept1.6.0:amd64                               install
libepub0                                        install
libepubgen-0.1-1:amd64                          install
liberror-perl                                   install
libespeak-ng1:amd64                             install
libespeak1:amd64                                install
libestr0:amd64                                  install
libetonyek-0.1-1:amd64                          install
libev-dev:amd64                                 install
libev4:amd64                                    install
libevdev-dev:amd64                              install
libevdev2:amd64                                 install
libevent-2.1-7:amd64                            install
libevent-core-2.1-7:amd64                       install
libevent-dev                                    install
libevent-extra-2.1-7:amd64                      install
libevent-openssl-2.1-7:amd64                    install
libevent-pthreads-2.1-7:amd64                   install
libexempi8:amd64                                install
libexif-dev:amd64                               install
libexif-doc                                     install
libexif12:amd64                                 install
libexiv2-27:amd64                               install
libexo-2-0:amd64                                install
libexo-2-dev:amd64                              install
libexo-common                                   install
libexpat1:amd64                                 install
libexpat1-dev:amd64                             install
libext2fs2:amd64                                install
libexttextcat-2.0-0:amd64                       install
libexttextcat-data                              install
libextutils-depends-perl                        install
libfaad2:amd64                                  install
libfabric1:amd64                                install
libfakekey0:amd64                               install
libfakeroot:amd64                               install
libfastjson4:amd64                              install
libfaudio0:amd64                                install
libfcgi-bin                                     install
libfcgi-perl                                    install
libfcgi0ldbl:amd64                              install
libfdisk1:amd64                                 install
libffi-dev:amd64                                install
libffi8:amd64                                   install
libffmpegthumbnailer4v5:amd64                   install
libfftw3-double3:amd64                          install
libfftw3-single3:amd64                          install
libfido2-1:amd64                                install
libfile-basedir-perl                            install
libfile-desktopentry-perl                       install
libfile-fcntllock-perl                          install
libfile-listing-perl                            install
libfile-mimeinfo-perl                           install
libfile-stripnondeterminism-perl                install
libfile-which-perl                              install
libfl-dev:amd64                                 install
libfl2:amd64                                    install
libflac12:amd64                                 install
libflac8:amd64                                  install
libflashrom1:amd64                              install
libflatpak0:amd64                               install
libflite1:amd64                                 install
libfluidsynth3:amd64                            install
libfont-afm-perl                                install
libfontbox2-java                                install
libfontconfig-dev:amd64                         install
libfontconfig1:amd64                            install
libfontconfig1-dev:amd64                        install
libfontenc1:amd64                               install
libfop-java                                     install
libfreeaptx0:amd64                              install
libfreehand-0.1-1                               install
libfreerdp-server2-2:amd64                      install
libfreerdp2-2:amd64                             install
libfreetype-dev:amd64                           install
libfreetype6:amd64                              install
libfreexl1:amd64                                install
libfribidi-dev:amd64                            install
libfribidi0:amd64                               install
libfsplib0                                      install
libftdi1-2:amd64                                install
libfuse2:amd64                                  install
libfuse3-3:amd64                                install
libfwupd2:amd64                                 install
libfyba0:amd64                                  install
libgail-3-0:amd64                               install
libgail-common:amd64                            install
libgail18:amd64                                 install
libgamemode0:amd64                              install
libgamemodeauto0:amd64                          install
libgamin0                                       install
libgarcon-1-0:amd64                             install
libgarcon-1-dev:amd64                           install
libgarcon-common                                install
libgarcon-gtk3-1-0:amd64                        install
libgbm-dev:amd64                                install
libgbm1:amd64                                   install
libgc1:amd64                                    install
libgcab-1.0-0:amd64                             install
libgcc-11-dev:amd64                             install
libgcc-13-dev:amd64                             install
libgcc-s1:amd64                                 install
libgck-1-0:amd64                                install
libgck-1-dev:amd64                              install
libgconf-2-4:amd64                              install
libgcr-3-dev:amd64                              install
libgcr-base-3-1:amd64                           install
libgcr-ui-3-1:amd64                             install
libgcrypt20:amd64                               install
libgcrypt20-dev                                 install
libgd3:amd64                                    install
libgdal30                                       install
libgdata-common                                 install
libgdata22:amd64                                install
libgdbm-compat4:amd64                           install
libgdbm6:amd64                                  install
libgdcm-dev                                     install
libgdcm3.0:amd64                                install
libgdiplus                                      install
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-0:amd64                       install
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-dev:amd64                     install
libgdk-pixbuf-xlib-2.0-0:amd64                  install
libgdk-pixbuf-xlib-2.0-dev:amd64                install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64                        install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-bin                            install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common                         install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev:amd64                      install
libgdm1                                         install
libgee-0.8-2:amd64                              install
libgee-0.8-dev:amd64                            install
libgegl-0.4-0:amd64                             install
libgegl-common                                  install
libgeoclue-2-0:amd64                            install
libgeoclue-2-dev:amd64                          install
libgeocode-glib-2-0:amd64                       install
libgeocode-glib-dev:amd64                       install
libgeocode-glib0:amd64                          install
libgeos-c1v5:amd64                              install
libgeos3.10.2:amd64                             install
libgeotiff5:amd64                               install
libgepub-0.6-0:amd64                            install
libgettextpo-dev:amd64                          install
libgettextpo0:amd64                             install
libgexiv2-2:amd64                               install
libgfortran5:amd64                              install
libgif7:amd64                                   install
libgimp2.0:amd64                                install
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64                     install
libgirepository1.0-dev                          install
libgit2-1.1:amd64                               install
libgit2-1.5:amd64                               install
libgit2-dev:amd64                               install
libgjs0g:amd64                                  install
libgl-dev:amd64                                 install
libgl1:amd64                                    install
libgl1-amber-dri:amd64                          install
libgl1-mesa-dev:amd64                           install
libgl1-mesa-dri:amd64                           install
libgl1-mesa-glx:amd64                           install
libgl2ps1.4                                     install
libglapi-mesa:amd64                             install
libgles-dev:amd64                               install
libgles1:amd64                                  install
libgles2:amd64                                  install
libgles2-mesa-dev:amd64                         install
libglew2.2:amd64                                install
libglib-object-introspection-perl               install
libglib-perl:amd64                              install
libglib2.0-0:amd64                              install
libglib2.0-bin                                  install
libglib2.0-data                                 install
libglib2.0-dev:amd64                            install
libglib2.0-dev-bin                              install
libglibmm-2.4-1v5:amd64                         install
libglibmm-2.4-dev:amd64                         install
libglibmm-2.68-1:amd64                          install
libglm-dev                                      install
libglu1-mesa:amd64                              install
libglu1-mesa-dev:amd64                          install
libglvnd-core-dev:amd64                         install
libglvnd-dev:amd64                              install
libglvnd0:amd64                                 install
libglx-dev:amd64                                install
libglx-mesa0:amd64                              install
libglx0:amd64                                   install
libgme0:amd64                                   install
libgmic1:amd64                                  install
libgmp-dev:amd64                                install
libgmp10:amd64                                  install
libgmpxx4ldbl:amd64                             install
libgnome-autoar-0-0:amd64                       install
libgnome-bg-4-2:amd64                           install
libgnome-bluetooth-3.0-13:amd64                 install
libgnome-bluetooth-ui-3.0-13:amd64              install
libgnome-desktop-3-20:amd64                     install
libgnome-desktop-4-2:amd64                      install
libgnome-games-support-1-3:amd64                install
libgnome-games-support-common                   install
libgnome-menu-3-0:amd64                         install
libgnome-menu-3-dev:amd64                       install
libgnome-rr-4-2:amd64                           install
libgnomekbd-common                              install
libgnomekbd-dev:amd64                           install
libgnomekbd8:amd64                              install
libgnutls-dane0:amd64                           install
libgnutls-openssl27:amd64                       install
libgnutls28-dev:amd64                           install
libgnutls30:amd64                               install
libgoa-1.0-0b:amd64                             install
libgoa-1.0-common                               install
libgoa-backend-1.0-1:amd64                      install
libgomp1:amd64                                  install
libgpg-error-dev                                install
libgpg-error0:amd64                             install
libgpgme11:amd64                                install
libgpgmepp6:amd64                               install
libgphoto2-6:amd64                              install
libgphoto2-dev:amd64                            install
libgphoto2-l10n                                 install
libgphoto2-port12:amd64                         install
libgpm2:amd64                                   install
libgpod-common                                  install
libgpod4:amd64                                  install
libgprofng0:amd64                               install
libgps-dev:amd64                                install
libgps28:amd64                                  install
libgps30:amd64                                  install
libgranite-common                               install
libgranite-dev:amd64                            install
libgranite6:amd64                               install
libgrantlee-templates5:amd64                    install
libgraphene-1.0-0:amd64                         install
libgraphene-1.0-dev                             install
libgraphicsmagick++-q16-12                      install
libgraphicsmagick-q16-3                         install
libgraphite2-3:amd64                            install
libgraphite2-dev:amd64                          install
libgraphviz-dev:amd64                           install
libgrilo-0.3-0:amd64                            install
libgs-common                                    install
libgs10:amd64                                   install
libgs10-common                                  install
libgsettings-qt1:amd64                          install
libgsf-1-114:amd64                              install
libgsf-1-common                                 install
libgsl27:amd64                                  install
libgslcblas0:amd64                              install
libgsm1:amd64                                   install
libgsound0:amd64                                install
libgspell-1-2:amd64                             install
libgspell-1-common                              install
libgspell-1-dev:amd64                           install
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64                          install
libgssdp-1.2-0:amd64                            install
libgssdp-1.6-0:amd64                            install
libgstreamer-gl1.0-0:amd64                      install
libgstreamer-opencv1.0-0:amd64                  install
libgstreamer-plugins-bad1.0-0:amd64             install
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0:amd64            install
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-0:amd64            install
libgstreamer-plugins-good1.0-dev                install
libgstreamer1.0-0:amd64                         install
libgstreamer1.0-dev:amd64                       install
libgtk-3-0:amd64                                install
libgtk-3-bin                                    install
libgtk-3-common                                 install
libgtk-3-dev:amd64                              install
libgtk-4-1:amd64                                install
libgtk-4-bin                                    install
libgtk-4-common                                 install
libgtk-4-dev:amd64                              install
libgtk-4-media-gstreamer                        install
libgtk-layer-shell0                             install
libgtk2.0-0:amd64                               install
libgtk2.0-bin                                   install
libgtk2.0-common                                install
libgtk3-perl                                    install
libgtkd-3-0:amd64                               install
libgtkglext1:amd64                              install
libgtkmm-3.0-1v5:amd64                          install
libgtkmm-3.0-dev:amd64                          install
libgtkmm-4.0-0:amd64                            install
libgtksourceview-3.0-1:amd64                    install
libgtksourceview-3.0-common                     install
libgtksourceview-3.0-dev:amd64                  install
libgtksourceview-4-0:amd64                      install
libgtksourceview-4-common                       install
libgtop-2.0-11:amd64                            install
libgtop2-common                                 install
libgts-0.7-5:amd64                              install
libgts-bin                                      install
libgucharmap-2-90-7:amd64                       install
libgudev-1.0-0:amd64                            install
libgudev-1.0-dev:amd64                          install
libgupnp-1.2-1:amd64                            install
libgupnp-1.6-0:amd64                            install
libgupnp-av-1.0-3                               install
libgupnp-dlna-2.0-4                             install
libgusb2:amd64                                  install
libgvc6                                         install
libgvc6-plugins-gtk                             install
libgvpr2:amd64                                  install
libgweather-4-0:amd64                           install
libgweather-4-common                            install
libgxps2:amd64                                  install
libhandy-0.0-0:amd64                            install
libhandy-1-0:amd64                              install
libharfbuzz-bin                                 install
libharfbuzz-cairo0:amd64                        install
libharfbuzz-dev:amd64                           install
libharfbuzz-gobject0:amd64                      install
libharfbuzz-icu0:amd64                          install
libharfbuzz-subset0:amd64                       install
libharfbuzz0b:amd64                             install
libhd21:amd64                                   install
libhdf4-0-alt                                   install
libhdf5-103-1:amd64                             install
libhdf5-hl-100:amd64                            install
libheif1:amd64                                  install
libhfstospell11:amd64                           install
libhogweed6:amd64                               install
libhpmud0:amd64                                 install
libhtml-form-perl                               install
libhtml-format-perl                             install
libhtml-parser-perl:amd64                       install
libhtml-tagset-perl                             install
libhtml-template-perl                           install
libhtml-tree-perl                               install
libhttp-cookies-perl                            install
libhttp-daemon-perl                             install
libhttp-date-perl                               install
libhttp-message-perl                            install
libhttp-negotiate-perl                          install
libhttp-parser-dev:amd64                        install
libhttp-parser2.9:amd64                         install
libhunspell-1.7-0:amd64                         install
libhwasan0:amd64                                install
libhwloc-plugins:amd64                          install
libhwloc15:amd64                                install
libhyphen0:amd64                                install
libibus-1.0-5:amd64                             install
libibverbs1:amd64                               install
libical3:amd64                                  install
libice-dev:amd64                                install
libice6:amd64                                   install
libicu-dev:amd64                                install
libicu70:amd64                                  install
libicu72:amd64                                  install
libid3tag0:amd64                                install
libidn12:amd64                                  install
libidn2-0:amd64                                 install
libidn2-dev:amd64                               install
libiec61883-0:amd64                             install
libieee1284-3:amd64                             install
libigdgmm12:amd64                               install
libijs-0.35:amd64                               install
libilmbase-dev:amd64                            install
libilmbase25:amd64                              install
libimage-magick-perl                            deinstall
libimagequant0:amd64                            install
libimlib2:amd64                                 install
libimobiledevice6:amd64                         install
libinih1:amd64                                  install
libinput-bin                                    install
libinput-dev:amd64                              install
libinput10:amd64                                install
libinstpatch-1.0-2:amd64                        install
libio-html-perl                                 install
libio-socket-ssl-perl                           install
libio-stringy-perl                              install
libip4tc2:amd64                                 install
libip6tc2:amd64                                 install
libipc-system-simple-perl                       install
libipt2                                         install
libisl23:amd64                                  install
libisofs6:amd64                                 install
libitm1:amd64                                   install
libiw30:amd64                                   install
libixml10:amd64                                 install
libjack-jackd2-0:amd64                          install
libjansson-dev:amd64                            install
libjansson4:amd64                               install
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-18:amd64               install
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-dev:amd64              install
libjavascriptcoregtk-4.1-0:amd64                install
libjavascriptcoregtk-6.0-1:amd64                install
libjaxp1.3-java                                 install
libjbig-dev:amd64                               install
libjbig0:amd64                                  install
libjbig2dec0:amd64                              install
libjcat1:amd64                                  install
libjpeg-dev:amd64                               install
libjpeg-progs                                   install
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64                            install
libjpeg-turbo8-dev:amd64                        install
libjpeg8:amd64                                  install
libjpeg8-dev:amd64                              install
libjpeg9:amd64                                  install
libjq1:amd64                                    install
libjs-highlight.js                              install
libjs-jquery                                    install
libjs-mathjax                                   install
libjs-sphinxdoc                                 install
libjs-underscore                                install
libjson-c5:amd64                                install
libjson-glib-1.0-0:amd64                        install
libjson-glib-1.0-common                         install
libjson-glib-dev:amd64                          install
libjson-perl                                    install
libjson-xs-perl                                 install
libjsoncpp-dev:amd64                            install
libjsoncpp25:amd64                              install
libjxr-tools                                    install
libjxr0:amd64                                   install
libk5crypto3:amd64                              install
libkaccounts2:amd64                             install
libkate1:amd64                                  install
libkdecorations2-5v5:amd64                      install
libkdecorations2private9:amd64                  install
libkdsoap1:amd64                                install
libkeybinder-3.0-0:amd64                        install
libkeyutils1:amd64                              install
libkf5activities-dev                            install
libkf5activities-doc                            install
libkf5activities5:amd64                         install
libkf5activitiesstats1:amd64                    install
libkf5archive-dev                               install
libkf5archive-doc                               install
libkf5archive5:amd64                            install
libkf5attica-dev                                install
libkf5attica-doc                                install
libkf5attica5:amd64                             install
libkf5auth-data                                 install
libkf5auth-dev:amd64                            install
libkf5auth-dev-bin                              install
libkf5auth-doc                                  install
libkf5auth5:amd64                               install
libkf5authcore5:amd64                           install
libkf5baloo5                                    install
libkf5balooengine5                              install
libkf5bluezqt-data                              install
libkf5bluezqt6:amd64                            install
libkf5bookmarks-data                            install
libkf5bookmarks-dev                             install
libkf5bookmarks-doc                             install
libkf5bookmarks5:amd64                          install
libkf5calendarevents5:amd64                     install
libkf5codecs-data                               install
libkf5codecs-dev                                install
libkf5codecs-doc                                install
libkf5codecs5:amd64                             install
libkf5completion-data                           install
libkf5completion-dev                            install
libkf5completion-doc                            install
libkf5completion5:amd64                         install
libkf5config-bin                                install
libkf5config-data                               install
libkf5config-dev:amd64                          install
libkf5config-dev-bin                            install
libkf5config-doc                                install
libkf5configcore5:amd64                         install
libkf5configgui5:amd64                          install
libkf5configwidgets-data                        install
libkf5configwidgets-dev                         install
libkf5configwidgets-doc                         install
libkf5configwidgets5:amd64                      install
libkf5contacts-data                             install
libkf5contacts5:amd64                           install
libkf5coreaddons-data                           install
libkf5coreaddons-dev:amd64                      install
libkf5coreaddons-dev-bin                        install
libkf5coreaddons-doc                            install
libkf5coreaddons5:amd64                         install
libkf5crash-dev                                 install
libkf5crash-doc                                 install
libkf5crash5:amd64                              install
libkf5dbusaddons-bin                            install
libkf5dbusaddons-data                           install
libkf5dbusaddons-dev                            install
libkf5dbusaddons-doc                            install
libkf5dbusaddons5:amd64                         install
libkf5declarative-data                          install
libkf5declarative-dev                           install
libkf5declarative-doc                           install
libkf5declarative5:amd64                        install
libkf5dnssd-data                                install
libkf5dnssd5:amd64                              install
libkf5doctools5:amd64                           install
libkf5filemetadata-bin:amd64                    install
libkf5filemetadata-data                         install
libkf5filemetadata3:amd64                       install
libkf5globalaccel-bin                           install
libkf5globalaccel-data                          install
libkf5globalaccel-dev:amd64                     install
libkf5globalaccel-doc                           install
libkf5globalaccel5:amd64                        install
libkf5globalaccelprivate5:amd64                 install
libkf5guiaddons-bin                             install
libkf5guiaddons-data                            install
libkf5guiaddons-dev                             install
libkf5guiaddons-doc                             install
libkf5guiaddons5:amd64                          install
libkf5holidays-data                             install
libkf5holidays5:amd64                           install
libkf5i18n-data                                 install
libkf5i18n-dev:amd64                            install
libkf5i18n-doc                                  install
libkf5i18n5:amd64                               install
libkf5i18nlocaledata5:amd64                     install
libkf5iconthemes-bin                            install
libkf5iconthemes-data                           install
libkf5iconthemes-dev                            install
libkf5iconthemes-doc                            install
libkf5iconthemes5:amd64                         install
libkf5idletime5:amd64                           install
libkf5itemmodels-dev                            install
libkf5itemmodels-doc                            install
libkf5itemmodels5:amd64                         install
libkf5itemviews-data                            install
libkf5itemviews-dev                             install
libkf5itemviews-doc                             install
libkf5itemviews5:amd64                          install
libkf5jobwidgets-data                           install
libkf5jobwidgets-dev                            install
libkf5jobwidgets-doc                            install
libkf5jobwidgets5:amd64                         install
libkf5js5:amd64                                 install
libkf5kcmutils-data                             install
libkf5kcmutils5:amd64                           install
libkf5kdelibs4support-data                      install
libkf5kdelibs4support5:amd64                    install
libkf5kdelibs4support5-bin                      install
libkf5khtml-bin                                 install
libkf5khtml-data                                install
libkf5khtml5:amd64                              install
libkf5kio-dev                                   install
libkf5kio-doc                                   install
libkf5kiocore5:amd64                            install
libkf5kiofilewidgets5:amd64                     install
libkf5kiogui5:amd64                             install
libkf5kiontlm5:amd64                            install
libkf5kiowidgets5:amd64                         install
libkf5kirigami2-5                               install
libkf5kirigami2-doc                             install
libkf5networkmanagerqt6                         install
libkf5newstuff-data                             install
libkf5newstuff-dev                              install
libkf5newstuff-doc                              install
libkf5newstuff5:amd64                           install
libkf5newstuffcore5:amd64                       install
libkf5newstuffwidgets5:amd64                    install
libkf5notifications-data                        install
libkf5notifications-dev:amd64                   install
libkf5notifications-doc                         install
libkf5notifications5:amd64                      install
libkf5notifyconfig-data                         install
libkf5notifyconfig5:amd64                       install
libkf5package-data                              install
libkf5package-dev:amd64                         install
libkf5package-doc                               install
libkf5package5:amd64                            install
libkf5parts-data                                install
libkf5parts-plugins                             install
libkf5parts5:amd64                              install
libkf5people-data                               install
libkf5people5:amd64                             install
libkf5peoplebackend5:amd64                      install
libkf5peoplewidgets5:amd64                      install
libkf5plasma-dev                                install
libkf5plasma-doc                                install
libkf5plasma5:amd64                             install
libkf5plasmaquick5:amd64                        install
libkf5prison5:amd64                             install
libkf5pty-data                                  install
libkf5pty5:amd64                                install
libkf5pulseaudioqt3:amd64                       install
libkf5purpose-bin:amd64                         install
libkf5purpose5:amd64                            install
libkf5quickaddons5:amd64                        install
libkf5runner5:amd64                             install
libkf5screen-bin                                install
libkf5screen7:amd64                             install
libkf5service-bin                               install
libkf5service-data                              install
libkf5service-dev:amd64                         install
libkf5service-doc                               install
libkf5service5:amd64                            install
libkf5solid-dev                                 install
libkf5solid-doc                                 install
libkf5solid5:amd64                              install
libkf5solid5-data                               install
libkf5sonnet5-data                              install
libkf5sonnetcore5:amd64                         install
libkf5sonnetui5:amd64                           install
libkf5style5:amd64                              install
libkf5su-bin                                    install
libkf5su-data                                   install
libkf5su5:amd64                                 install
libkf5syndication5abi1:amd64                    install
libkf5syntaxhighlighting-data                   install
libkf5syntaxhighlighting5:amd64                 install
libkf5sysguard-bin                              install
libkf5sysguard-data                             install
libkf5sysguard-dev                              install
libkf5texteditor-bin                            install
libkf5texteditor5:amd64                         install
libkf5textwidgets-data                          install
libkf5textwidgets5:amd64                        install
libkf5threadweaver5:amd64                       install
libkf5wallet-bin                                install
libkf5wallet-data                               install
libkf5wallet5:amd64                             install
libkf5wayland-dev                               install
libkf5wayland-doc                               install
libkf5waylandclient5:amd64                      install
libkf5waylandserver5:amd64                      install
libkf5widgetsaddons-data                        install
libkf5widgetsaddons-dev                         install
libkf5widgetsaddons-doc                         install
libkf5widgetsaddons5:amd64                      install
libkf5windowsystem-data                         install
libkf5windowsystem-dev                          install
libkf5windowsystem-doc                          install
libkf5windowsystem5:amd64                       install
libkf5xmlgui-bin:amd64                          install
libkf5xmlgui-data                               install
libkf5xmlgui-dev:amd64                          install
libkf5xmlgui-doc                                install
libkf5xmlgui5:amd64                             install
libkfontinst5                                   install
libkfontinstui5                                 install
libklibc:amd64                                  install
libkmlbase1:amd64                               install
libkmldom1:amd64                                install
libkmlengine1:amd64                             install
libkmod2:amd64                                  install
libkpathsea6:amd64                              install
libkpmcore11                                    install
libkrb5-3:amd64                                 install
libkrb5support0:amd64                           install
libksba8:amd64                                  install
libkscreenlocker5:amd64                         install
libksgrd9                                       install
libksignalplotter9                              install
libksysguardformatter1                          install
libksysguardsensorfaces1                        install
libksysguardsensors1                            install
libksysguardsystemstats1                        install
libkuserfeedbackcore1:amd64                     install
libkwalletbackend5-5:amd64                      install
libkwaylandserver5:amd64                        install
libkwineffects13                                install
libkwinglutils13                                install
libkwinxrenderutils13                           install
libkworkspace5-5                                install
liblab-gamut1:amd64                             install
liblangtag-common                               install
liblangtag1:amd64                               install
liblapack3:amd64                                install
liblayershellqtinterface5                       install
liblc3-1:amd64                                  install
liblcf                                          deinstall
liblcms2-2:amd64                                install
liblcms2-dev:amd64                              install
liblcms2-utils                                  install
libldacbt-abr2:amd64                            install
libldacbt-enc2:amd64                            install
libldap-2.5-0:amd64                             install
libldap-common                                  install
libldap2:amd64                                  install
libldb2:amd64                                   install
liblept5:amd64                                  install
liblerc-dev:amd64                               install
liblerc4:amd64                                  install
liblightdm-gobject-1-0:amd64                    install
liblightdm-qt5-3-0:amd64                        install
liblilv-0-0:amd64                               install
liblirc-client0:amd64                           install
libllvm11:amd64                                 install
libllvm14:amd64                                 install
libllvm15:amd64                                 install
liblmdb0:amd64                                  install
liblocale-gettext-perl                          install
liblouis-data                                   install
liblouis20:amd64                                install
liblouisutdml-bin                               install
liblouisutdml-data                              install
liblouisutdml9:amd64                            install
liblqr-1-0:amd64                                install
liblqr-1-0-dev:amd64                            install
liblsan0:amd64                                  install
liblsofui9                                      install
libltdl-dev:amd64                               install
libltdl7:amd64                                  install
liblua5.1-0:amd64                               install
liblua5.1-0-dev:amd64                           install
liblua5.2-0:amd64                               install
liblua5.3-0:amd64                               install
liblua5.3-dev:amd64                             install
liblua5.4-0:amd64                               install
libluajit-5.1-2:amd64                           install
libluajit-5.1-common                            install
libluajit-5.1-dev:amd64                         install
liblwp-mediatypes-perl                          install
liblwp-protocol-https-perl                      install
liblz1:amd64                                    install
liblz4-1:amd64                                  install
liblzma-dev:amd64                               install
liblzma5:amd64                                  install
liblzo2-2:amd64                                 install
libmad0:amd64                                   install
libmagic-mgc                                    install
libmagic1:amd64                                 install
libmagick++-6-headers                           install
libmagick++-6.q16-8:amd64                       install
libmagick++-6.q16-dev:amd64                     install
libmagick++-dev                                 install
libmagickcore-6-arch-config:amd64               install
libmagickcore-6-headers                         install
libmagickcore-6.q16-6:amd64                     install
libmagickcore-6.q16-6-extra:amd64               install
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev:amd64                   install
libmagickcore-dev                               install
libmagickwand-6-headers                         install
libmagickwand-6.q16-6:amd64                     install
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev:amd64                   install
libmail-sendmail-perl                           install
libmailtools-perl                               install
libmalcontent-0-0:amd64                         install
libmanette-0.2-0:amd64                          install
libmarco-private2:amd64                         install
libmarkdown2:amd64                              install
libmate-desktop-2-17:amd64                      install
libmate-menu2:amd64                             install
libmate-panel-applet-4-1:amd64                  install
libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0                  install
libmate-slab0:amd64                             install
libmate-window-settings1:amd64                  install
libmatedict6                                    install
libmatekbd-common                               install
libmatekbd4:amd64                               install
libmatemixer-common                             install
libmatemixer0:amd64                             install
libmateweather-common                           install
libmateweather1:amd64                           install
libmatroska7:amd64                              install
libmaxminddb0:amd64                             install
libmbedcrypto7:amd64                            install
libmbedtls14:amd64                              install
libmbedx509-1:amd64                             install
libmbim-glib4:amd64                             install
libmbim-proxy                                   install
libmbim-utils                                   install
libmd0:amd64                                    install
libmd4c0:amd64                                  install
libmecab2:amd64                                 install
libmediaart-2.0-0:amd64                         install
libmetis5:amd64                                 install
libmfx1:amd64                                   install
libmhash2:amd64                                 install
libminiupnpc17:amd64                            install
libminizip-dev:amd64                            install
libminizip1:amd64                               install
libmm-glib0:amd64                               install
libmng2:amd64                                   install
libmnl0:amd64                                   install
libmono-accessibility4.0-cil                    install
libmono-corlib4.5-cil                           install
libmono-corlib4.5-dll                           install
libmono-i18n-west4.0-cil                        install
libmono-i18n4.0-cil                             install
libmono-posix4.0-cil                            install
libmono-security4.0-cil                         install
libmono-system-configuration4.0-cil             install
libmono-system-core4.0-cil                      install
libmono-system-data4.0-cil                      install
libmono-system-drawing4.0-cil                   install
libmono-system-enterpriseservices4.0-cil        install
libmono-system-numerics4.0-cil                  install
libmono-system-runtime-serialization-formatters-soap4.0-cil     install
libmono-system-security4.0-cil                  install
libmono-system-transactions4.0-cil              install
libmono-system-windows-forms4.0-cil             install
libmono-system-xml4.0-cil                       install
libmono-system4.0-cil                           install
libmono-webbrowser4.0-cil                       install
libmonoboehm-2.0-1                              install
libmount-dev:amd64                              install
libmount1:amd64                                 install
libmousepad0                                    install
libmozjs-115-0:amd64                            install
libmp3lame0:amd64                               install
libmpc3:amd64                                   install
libmpcdec6:amd64                                install
libmpdclient-dev:amd64                          install
libmpdclient2:amd64                             install
libmpdec3:amd64                                 install
libmpeg2-4:amd64                                install
libmpfr6:amd64                                  install
libmpg123-0:amd64                               install
libmpv-dev:amd64                                install
libmpv1:amd64                                   install
libmspack0:amd64                                install
libmspub-0.1-1:amd64                            install
libmtdev-dev:amd64                              install
libmtdev1:amd64                                 install
libmtp-common                                   install
libmtp-runtime                                  install
libmtp9:amd64                                   install
libmujs1:amd64                                  install
libmutter-13-0:amd64                            install
libmwaw-0.3-3:amd64                             install
libmypaint-1.5-1:amd64                          install
libmypaint-common                               install
libmysofa1:amd64                                install
libmysqlclient-dev                              install
libmysqlclient21:amd64                          install
libmythes-1.2-0:amd64                           install
libnatpmp1:amd64                                install
libnautilus-extension1a:amd64                   install
libnautilus-extension4:amd64                    install
libncurses-dev:amd64                            install
libncurses6:amd64                               install
libncursesw6:amd64                              install
libndp0:amd64                                   install
libnet-dbus-perl                                install
libnet-http-perl                                install
libnet-smtp-ssl-perl                            install
libnet-ssleay-perl:amd64                        install
libnetcdf19:amd64                               install
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64                   install
libnetfilter-queue1:amd64                       install
libnetpbm10                                     install
libnetplan0:amd64                               install
libnettle8:amd64                                install
libnewt0.52:amd64                               install
libnfnetlink0:amd64                             install
libnfs13:amd64                                  install
libnftables1:amd64                              install
libnftnl11:amd64                                install
libnghttp2-14:amd64                             install
libnl-3-200:amd64                               install
libnl-3-dev:amd64                               install
libnl-genl-3-200:amd64                          install
libnl-genl-3-dev:amd64                          install
libnl-route-3-200:amd64                         install
libnm-dev:amd64                                 install
libnm0:amd64                                    install
libnma-common                                   install
libnma-gtk4-0:amd64                             install
libnma0:amd64                                   install
libnode72:amd64                                 install
libnorm1:amd64                                  install
libnotificationmanager1                         install
libnotify-bin                                   install
libnotify-dev:amd64                             install
libnotify4:amd64                                install
libnpth0:amd64                                  install
libnsl-dev:amd64                                install
libnsl2:amd64                                   install
libnspr4:amd64                                  install
libnspr4-dev                                    install
libnss-mdns:amd64                               install
libnss-systemd:amd64                            install
libnss3:amd64                                   install
libnss3-dev:amd64                               install
libntfs-3g89:amd64                              install
libnuma1:amd64                                  install
libnvme1                                        install
libobs-dev                                      install
libobs0:amd64                                   install
libodbc2:amd64                                  install
libodbcinst2:amd64                              install
libodfgen-0.1-1:amd64                           install
libogdi4.1                                      install
libogg0:amd64                                   install
libonig5:amd64                                  install
liboobs-1-5:amd64                               install
libopenal-data                                  install
libopenal1:amd64                                install
libopencolorio1v5                               install
libopenconnect5:amd64                           install
libopencore-amrnb0:amd64                        install
libopencore-amrwb0:amd64                        install
libopencv-calib3d-dev:amd64                     install
libopencv-calib3d4.5d:amd64                     install
libopencv-contrib-dev:amd64                     install
libopencv-contrib4.5d:amd64                     install
libopencv-core-dev:amd64                        install
libopencv-core4.5d:amd64                        install
libopencv-dev                                   install
libopencv-dnn-dev:amd64                         install
libopencv-dnn4.5d:amd64                         install
libopencv-features2d-dev:amd64                  install
libopencv-features2d4.5d:amd64                  install
libopencv-flann-dev:amd64                       install
libopencv-flann4.5d:amd64                       install
libopencv-highgui-dev:amd64                     install
libopencv-highgui4.5d:amd64                     install
libopencv-imgcodecs-dev:amd64                   install
libopencv-imgcodecs4.5d:amd64                   install
libopencv-imgproc-dev:amd64                     install
libopencv-imgproc4.5d:amd64                     install
libopencv-ml-dev:amd64                          install
libopencv-ml4.5d:amd64                          install
libopencv-objdetect-dev:amd64                   install
libopencv-objdetect4.5d:amd64                   install
libopencv-photo-dev:amd64                       install
libopencv-photo4.5d:amd64                       install
libopencv-shape-dev:amd64                       install
libopencv-shape4.5d:amd64                       install
libopencv-stitching-dev:amd64                   install
libopencv-stitching4.5d:amd64                   install
libopencv-superres-dev:amd64                    install
libopencv-superres4.5d:amd64                    install
libopencv-video-dev:amd64                       install
libopencv-video4.5d:amd64                       install
libopencv-videoio-dev:amd64                     install
libopencv-videoio4.5d:amd64                     install
libopencv-videostab-dev:amd64                   install
libopencv-videostab4.5d:amd64                   install
libopencv-viz-dev:amd64                         install
libopencv-viz4.5d:amd64                         install
libopencv4.5-java                               install
libopencv4.5d-jni                               install
libopenexr-dev                                  install
libopenexr25:amd64                              install
libopengl-dev:amd64                             install
libopengl0:amd64                                install
libopenjp2-7:amd64                              install
libopenjp2-7-dev:amd64                          install
libopenmpi3:amd64                               install
libopenmpt-modplug1:amd64                       install
libopenmpt0:amd64                               install
libopenraw7:amd64                               install
libopenrawgnome7:amd64                          install
libopus0:amd64                                  install
liborc-0.4-0:amd64                              install
liborc-0.4-dev:amd64                            install
liborc-0.4-dev-bin                              install
liborcus-0.18-0:amd64                           install
liborcus-parser-0.18-0:amd64                    install
libosmesa6:amd64                                install
libosmesa6-dev:amd64                            install
libostree-1-1:amd64                             install
liboxygenstyle5-5:amd64                         install
liboxygenstyleconfig5-5:amd64                   install
libp11-kit-dev:amd64                            install
libp11-kit0:amd64                               install
libpackagekit-glib2-18:amd64                    install
libpackagekitqt5-1:amd64                        install
libpagemaker-0.0-0:amd64                        install
libpam-cap:amd64                                install
libpam-gnome-keyring:amd64                      install
libpam-kwallet-common                           install
libpam-kwallet5                                 install
libpam-modules:amd64                            install
libpam-modules-bin                              install
libpam-runtime                                  install
libpam-systemd:amd64                            install
libpam0g:amd64                                  install
libpam0g-dev:amd64                              install
libpango-1.0-0:amd64                            install
libpango1.0-0:amd64                             install
libpango1.0-dev:amd64                           install
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64                       install
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64                         install
libpangomm-1.4-1v5:amd64                        install
libpangomm-1.4-dev:amd64                        install
libpangomm-2.48-1:amd64                         install
libpangoxft-1.0-0:amd64                         install
libpaper-utils                                  install
libpaper1:amd64                                 install
libparted-fs-resize0:amd64                      deinstall
libparted2:amd64                                install
libpathplan4:amd64                              install
libpcap0.8:amd64                                install
libpcaudio0:amd64                               install
libpci-dev:amd64                                install
libpci3:amd64                                   install
libpciaccess-dev:amd64                          install
libpciaccess0:amd64                             install
libpcre16-3:amd64                               install
libpcre2-16-0:amd64                             install
libpcre2-32-0:amd64                             install
libpcre2-8-0:amd64                              install
libpcre2-dev:amd64                              install
libpcre2-posix3:amd64                           install
libpcre3:amd64                                  install
libpcre3-dev:amd64                              install
libpcre32-3:amd64                               install
libpcrecpp0v5:amd64                             install
libpcsclite-dev:amd64                           install
libpcsclite1:amd64                              install
libpeas-1.0-0:amd64                             install
libpeas-common                                  install
libperl5.34:amd64                               install
libperl5.36:amd64                               install
libpgm-5.3-0:amd64                              install
libphobos2-ldc-shared98:amd64                   install
libphonenumber8:amd64                           install
libphonon4qt5-4:amd64                           install
libphonon4qt5-data                              install
libpipeline1:amd64                              install
libpipewire-0.3-0:amd64                         install
libpipewire-0.3-common                          install
libpipewire-0.3-dev:amd64                       install
libpipewire-0.3-modules:amd64                   install
libpixman-1-0:amd64                             install
libpixman-1-dev:amd64                           install
libpkcs11-helper1:amd64                         install
libpkgconf3:amd64                               install
libplacebo192:amd64                             install
libplasma-geolocation-interface5                install
libplist3:amd64                                 install
libplymouth5:amd64                              install
libpmix2:amd64                                  install
libpng-dev:amd64                                install
libpng-tools                                    install
libpng16-16:amd64                               install
libpocketsphinx3:amd64                          install
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64                       install
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64                     install
libpolkit-qt5-1-1:amd64                         install
libpoppler-cpp0v5:amd64                         install
libpoppler-glib8:amd64                          install
libpoppler-qt5-1:amd64                          install
libpoppler118:amd64                             install
libpoppler130:amd64                             install
libpopt0:amd64                                  install
libportal-gtk4-1:amd64                          install
libportal1:amd64                                install
libportaudio2:amd64                             install
libpostproc55:amd64                             install
libpotrace0:amd64                               install
libpowerdevilcore2:amd64                        install
libpowerdevilui5:amd64                          install
libppd2:amd64                                   install
libppd2-common                                  install
libpq-dev                                       install
libpq5:amd64                                    install
libproc2-0:amd64                                install
libprocesscore9                                 install
libprocessui9                                   install
libprocps8:amd64                                install
libproj22:amd64                                 install
libprotobuf-c1:amd64                            install
libprotobuf-lite23:amd64                        install
libprotobuf23:amd64                             install
libprotobuf32:amd64                             install
libproxy-tools                                  install
libproxy1v5:amd64                               install
libpskc0:amd64                                  install
libpsl-dev:amd64                                install
libpsl5:amd64                                   install
libpsm-infinipath1                              install
libpsm2-2                                       install
libpthread-stubs0-dev:amd64                     install
libpugixml1v5:amd64                             install
libpulse-dev:amd64                              install
libpulse-mainloop-glib0:amd64                   install
libpulse0:amd64                                 install
libpwquality-common                             install
libpwquality1:amd64                             install
libpython3-dev:amd64                            install
libpython3-stdlib:amd64                         install
libpython3.10:amd64                             install
libpython3.10-minimal:amd64                     install
libpython3.10-stdlib:amd64                      install
libpython3.11:amd64                             install
libpython3.11-dev:amd64                         install
libpython3.11-minimal:amd64                     install
libpython3.11-stdlib:amd64                      install
libqaccessibilityclient-qt5-0:amd64             install
libqalculate-data                               install
libqalculate22:amd64                            install
libqca-qt5-2:amd64                              install
libqca-qt5-2-plugins:amd64                      install
libqdox-java                                    install
libqhull-r8.0:amd64                             install
libqmi-glib5:amd64                              install
libqmi-proxy                                    install
libqmi-utils                                    install
libqmobipocket2:amd64                           install
libqpdf-dev:amd64                               install
libqpdf29:amd64                                 install
libqqwing2v5:amd64                              install
libqrencode-dev:amd64                           install
libqrencode4:amd64                              install
libqt5concurrent5:amd64                         install
libqt5core5a:amd64                              install
libqt5dbus5:amd64                               install
libqt5designer5:amd64                           install
libqt5designercomponents5:amd64                 install
libqt5gui5:amd64                                install
libqt5help5:amd64                               install
libqt5hunspellinputmethod5:amd64                install
libqt5location5:amd64                           install
libqt5location5-plugin-mapboxgl:amd64           install
libqt5location5-plugins:amd64                   install
libqt5multimedia5:amd64                         install
libqt5multimedia5-plugins:amd64                 install
libqt5multimediagsttools5:amd64                 install
libqt5multimediaquick5:amd64                    install
libqt5multimediawidgets5:amd64                  install
libqt5network5:amd64                            install
libqt5opengl5:amd64                             install
libqt5opengl5-dev:amd64                         install
libqt5pas-dev:amd64                             install
libqt5pas1:amd64                                install
libqt5positioning5:amd64                        install
libqt5positioning5-plugins:amd64                install
libqt5positioningquick5:amd64                   install
libqt5printsupport5:amd64                       install
libqt5qml5:amd64                                install
libqt5qmlmodels5:amd64                          install
libqt5qmlworkerscript5:amd64                    install
libqt5quick5:amd64                              install
libqt5quickcontrols2-5:amd64                    install
libqt5quickparticles5:amd64                     install
libqt5quickshapes5:amd64                        install
libqt5quicktemplates2-5:amd64                   install
libqt5quicktest5:amd64                          install
libqt5quickwidgets5:amd64                       install
libqt5script5:amd64                             install
libqt5scripttools5:amd64                        install
libqt5sensors5:amd64                            install
libqt5sql5:amd64                                install
libqt5sql5-sqlite:amd64                         install
libqt5svg5:amd64                                install
libqt5svg5-dev:amd64                            install
libqt5test5:amd64                               install
libqt5texttospeech5:amd64                       install
libqt5virtualkeyboard5:amd64                    install
libqt5waylandclient5:amd64                      install
libqt5waylandclient5-dev:amd64                  install
libqt5waylandcompositor5:amd64                  install
libqt5webchannel5:amd64                         install
libqt5webchannel5-dev:amd64                     install
libqt5webengine-data                            install
libqt5webengine5:amd64                          install
libqt5webenginecore5:amd64                      install
libqt5webenginewidgets5:amd64                   install
libqt5webkit5:amd64                             install
libqt5widgets5:amd64                            install
libqt5x11extras5:amd64                          install
libqt5x11extras5-dev:amd64                      install
libqt5xml5:amd64                                install
libqt6charts6:amd64                             install
libqt6charts6-dev:amd64                         install
libqt6chartsqml6:amd64                          install
libqt6concurrent6:amd64                         install
libqt6core6:amd64                               install
libqt6dbus6:amd64                               install
libqt6designer6:amd64                           install
libqt6designercomponents6:amd64                 install
libqt6gui6:amd64                                install
libqt6help6:amd64                               install
libqt6labsanimation6:amd64                      install
libqt6labsfolderlistmodel6:amd64                install
libqt6labsqmlmodels6:amd64                      install
libqt6labssettings6:amd64                       install
libqt6labssharedimage6:amd64                    install
libqt6labswavefrontmesh6:amd64                  install
libqt6multimedia6:amd64                         install
libqt6multimediaquick6:amd64                    install
libqt6multimediawidgets6:amd64                  install
libqt6network6:amd64                            install
libqt6opengl6:amd64                             install
libqt6opengl6-dev:amd64                         install
libqt6openglwidgets6:amd64                      install
libqt6pdf6:amd64                                install
libqt6pdfquick6:amd64                           install
libqt6pdfwidgets6:amd64                         install
libqt6positioning6:amd64                        install
libqt6positioning6-plugins:amd64                install
libqt6positioningquick6:amd64                   install
libqt6printsupport6:amd64                       install
libqt6qml6:amd64                                install
libqt6qmlcore6:amd64                            install
libqt6qmllocalstorage6:amd64                    install
libqt6qmlmodels6:amd64                          install
libqt6qmlworkerscript6:amd64                    install
libqt6qmlxmllistmodel6:amd64                    install
libqt6quick6:amd64                              install
libqt6quickcontrols2-6:amd64                    install
libqt6quickcontrols2impl6:amd64                 install
libqt6quickdialogs2-6:amd64                     install
libqt6quickdialogs2quickimpl6:amd64             install
libqt6quickdialogs2utils6:amd64                 install
libqt6quicklayouts6:amd64                       install
libqt6quickparticles6:amd64                     install
libqt6quickshapes6:amd64                        install
libqt6quicktemplates2-6:amd64                   install
libqt6quicktest6:amd64                          install
libqt6quickwidgets6:amd64                       install
libqt6serialport6:amd64                         install
libqt6serialport6-dev:amd64                     install
libqt6sql6:amd64                                install
libqt6sql6-sqlite:amd64                         install
libqt6test6:amd64                               install
libqt6uitools6:amd64                            install
libqt6webchannel6:amd64                         install
libqt6webchannel6-dev:amd64                     install
libqt6webengine6-data                           install
libqt6webenginecore6:amd64                      install
libqt6webenginecore6-bin                        install
libqt6webenginequick6:amd64                     install
libqt6webenginequickdelegatesqml6:amd64         install
libqt6webenginewidgets6:amd64                   install
libqt6widgets6:amd64                            install
libqt6xml6:amd64                                install
libquadmath0:amd64                              install
libquazip5-1:amd64                              install
librabbitmq4:amd64                              install
libraptor2-0:amd64                              install
libraqm0:amd64                                  install
librasqal3:amd64                                install
libraw1394-11:amd64                             install
libraw1394-dev:amd64                            install
libraw1394-tools                                install
libraw20:amd64                                  install
librda-common                                   install
librda0:amd64                                   install
librdf0:amd64                                   install
librdmacm1:amd64                                install
libre2-9:amd64                                  install
libreadline-dev:amd64                           install
libreadline8:amd64                              install
libreoffice-base-core                           install
libreoffice-calc                                install
libreoffice-common                              install
libreoffice-core                                install
libreoffice-draw                                install
libreoffice-gnome                               install
libreoffice-gtk3                                install
libreoffice-impress                             install
libreoffice-math                                install
libreoffice-style-colibre                       install
libreoffice-style-elementary                    install
libreoffice-style-yaru                          install
libreoffice-uiconfig-calc                       install
libreoffice-uiconfig-common                     install
libreoffice-uiconfig-draw                       install
libreoffice-uiconfig-impress                    install
libreoffice-uiconfig-math                       install
libreoffice-uiconfig-writer                     install
libreoffice-writer                              install
libresid-builder0c2a                            install
libressl                                        deinstall
librest-1.0-0:amd64                             install
librevenge-0.0-0:amd64                          install
librewolf-app                                   deinstall
librhash0:amd64                                 install
librhythmbox-core10:amd64                       install
librsvg2-2:amd64                                install
librsvg2-common:amd64                           install
librsvg2-dev:amd64                              install
librtmp1:amd64                                  install
librttopo1:amd64                                install
librubberband2:amd64                            install
libruby:amd64                                   install
libruby3.1:amd64                                install
librygel-core-2.8-0:amd64                       install
librygel-db-2.8-0:amd64                         install
librygel-renderer-2.8-0:amd64                   install
librygel-server-2.8-0:amd64                     install
libsamplerate0:amd64                            install
libsane-common                                  install
libsane-hpaio:amd64                             install
libsane1:amd64                                  install
libsasl2-2:amd64                                install
libsasl2-modules:amd64                          install
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64                       install
libsass1:amd64                                  install
libsaxon-java                                   install
libsbc1:amd64                                   install
libscim8v5:amd64                                install
libsdl-image1.2:amd64                           install
libsdl1.2debian:amd64                           install
libsdl2-2.0-0:amd64                             install
libsdl2-net-2.0-0:amd64                         install
libseat-dev:amd64                               install
libseat1:amd64                                  install
libseccomp-dev:amd64                            install
libseccomp2:amd64                               install
libsecret-1-0:amd64                             install
libsecret-1-dev:amd64                           install
libsecret-common                                install
libsecret-tools                                 install
libselinux1:amd64                               install
libselinux1-dev:amd64                           install
libsemanage-common                              install
libsemanage2:amd64                              install
libsensors-config                               install
libsensors5:amd64                               install
libsepol-dev:amd64                              install
libsepol2:amd64                                 install
libserd-0-0:amd64                               install
libsframe1:amd64                                install
libsgutils2-1.46-2:amd64                        install
libshine3:amd64                                 install
libshout3:amd64                                 install
libsidplay2                                     install
libsigc++-2.0-0v5:amd64                         install
libsigc++-2.0-dev:amd64                         install
libsigc++-3.0-0:amd64                           install
libsignon-plugins-common1:amd64                 install
libsignon-qt5-1:amd64                           install
libsigsegv2:amd64                               install
libsimde-dev                                    install
libsixel1:amd64                                 install
libslang2:amd64                                 install
libslirp0:amd64                                 install
libsm-dev:amd64                                 install
libsm6:amd64                                    install
libsmartcols1:amd64                             install
libsmbclient:amd64                              install
libsmbios-c2                                    install
libsnapd-glib-2-1:amd64                         install
libsnapd-glib1:amd64                            install
libsnapd-qt1:amd64                              install
libsnappy1v5:amd64                              install
libsndfile1:amd64                               install
libsndio7.0:amd64                               install
libsnmp-base                                    install
libsnmp40:amd64                                 install
libsocket++1:amd64                              install
libsodium23:amd64                               install
libsonic0:amd64                                 install
libsord-0-0:amd64                               install
libsoup-3.0-0:amd64                             install
libsoup-3.0-common                              install
libsoup-gnome2.4-1:amd64                        install
libsoup2.4-1:amd64                              install
libsoup2.4-common                               install
libsoup2.4-dev:amd64                            install
libsource-highlight-common                      install
libsource-highlight4v5:amd64                    install
libsoxr0:amd64                                  install
libspa-0.2-bluetooth:amd64                      install
libspa-0.2-dev:amd64                            install
libspa-0.2-modules:amd64                        install
libspa-codec-bluez5-aac                         install
libspatialaudio0:amd64                          install
libspatialite7:amd64                            install
libspectre1:amd64                               install
libspeechd2:amd64                               install
libspeex1:amd64                                 install
libspeexdsp1:amd64                              install
libsphinxbase3:amd64                            install
libsqlcipher0:amd64                             install
libsqlite3-0:amd64                              install
libsqlite3-dev:amd64                            install
libsquashfuse0:amd64                            install
libsratom-0-0:amd64                             install
libsrt1.4-gnutls:amd64                          install
libss2:amd64                                    install
libssh-4:amd64                                  install
libssh-gcrypt-4:amd64                           install
libssh2-1:amd64                                 install
libssh2-1-dev:amd64                             install
libssl-dev:amd64                                install
libssl3:amd64                                   install
libstartup-notification0:amd64                  install
libstartup-notification0-dev:amd64              install
libstb0:amd64                                   install
libstd-rust-1.75:amd64                          install
libstd-rust-dev:amd64                           install
libstdc++-13-dev:amd64                          install
libstdc++6:amd64                                install
libstemmer0d:amd64                              install
libstoken1:amd64                                install
libsub-override-perl                            install
libsubid4:amd64                                 install
libsuitesparseconfig5:amd64                     install
libsuitesparseconfig7:amd64                     install
libsuperlu5:amd64                               install
libswresample-dev:amd64                         install
libswresample3:amd64                            install
libswscale-dev:amd64                            install
libswscale5:amd64                               install
libsynctex2:amd64                               install
libsys-hostname-long-perl                       install
libsystemd-dev:amd64                            install
libsystemd-shared:amd64                         install
libsystemd0:amd64                               install
libsz2:amd64                                    install
libtag1v5:amd64                                 install
libtag1v5-vanilla:amd64                         install
libtagc0:amd64                                  install
libtalloc2:amd64                                install
libtaskmanager6                                 install
libtasn1-6:amd64                                install
libtasn1-6-dev:amd64                            install
libtasn1-doc                                    install
libtbb-dev:amd64                                install
libtbb12:amd64                                  install
libtbb2:amd64                                   install
libtbbmalloc2:amd64                             install
libtcl8.6:amd64                                 install
libtdb1:amd64                                   install
libteamdctl0:amd64                              install
libtesseract4:amd64                             install
libtevent0:amd64                                install
libtext-charwidth-perl:amd64                    install
libtext-iconv-perl:amd64                        install
libtext-wrapi18n-perl                           install
libthai-data                                    install
libthai-dev:amd64                               install
libthai0:amd64                                  install
libtheora0:amd64                                install
libthunarx-3-0:amd64                            install
libtie-ixhash-perl                              install
libtiff-dev:amd64                               install
libtiff5:amd64                                  install
libtiff6:amd64                                  install
libtiffxx6:amd64                                install
libtimedate-perl                                install
libtinfo6:amd64                                 install
libtinyxml2.6.2v5:amd64                         install
libtirpc-common                                 install
libtirpc-dev:amd64                              install
libtirpc3:amd64                                 install
libtk8.6:amd64                                  install
libtomcrypt1:amd64                              install
libtomlplusplus-header                          deinstall
libtommath1:amd64                               install
libtool                                         install
libtool-bin                                     install
libtotem-plparser-common                        install
libtotem-plparser18:amd64                       install
libtracker-sparql-3.0-0:amd64                   install
libtre5:amd64                                   install
libtry-tiny-perl                                install
libts0:amd64                                    install
libtsan0:amd64                                  install
libtsan2:amd64                                  install
libtspi1                                        install
libtss2-esys-3.0.2-0:amd64                      install
libtss2-mu0:amd64                               install
libtss2-rc0:amd64                               install
libtss2-sys1:amd64                              install
libtss2-tcti-cmd0:amd64                         install
libtss2-tcti-device0:amd64                      install
libtss2-tcti-libtpms0:amd64                     install
libtss2-tcti-mssim0:amd64                       install
libtss2-tcti-spi-helper0:amd64                  install
libtss2-tcti-swtpm0:amd64                       install
libtss2-tctildr0:amd64                          install
libtumbler-1-0:amd64                            install
libtwolame0:amd64                               install
libtypes-serialiser-perl                        install
libu2f-udev                                     install
libubsan1:amd64                                 install
libuchardet0:amd64                              install
libucx0:amd64                                   install
libudev-dev:amd64                               install
libudev1:amd64                                  install
libudfread0:amd64                               install
libudisks2-0:amd64                              install
libumfpack5:amd64                               install
libunbound8:amd64                               install
libunistring2:amd64                             install
libunity-protocol-private0:amd64                install
libunity-scopes-json-def-desktop                install
libunity9:amd64                                 install
libuno-cppu3                                    install
libuno-cppuhelpergcc3-3                         install
libuno-purpenvhelpergcc3-3                      install
libuno-sal3                                     install
libuno-salhelpergcc3-3                          install
libunwind-14:amd64                              install
libunwind-dev:amd64                             install
libunwind8:amd64                                install
libupnp13:amd64                                 install
libupower-glib3:amd64                           install
liburi-perl                                     install
liburing2:amd64                                 install
liburiparser1:amd64                             install
libusb-1.0-0:amd64                              install
libusb-1.0-0-dev:amd64                          install
libusb-1.0-doc                                  install
libusbmuxd6:amd64                               install
libutempter-dev:amd64                           install
libutempter0:amd64                              install
libuuid-perl                                    install
libuuid1:amd64                                  install
libuv1:amd64                                    install
libuv1-dev:amd64                                install
libv4l-0:amd64                                  install
libv4lconvert0:amd64                            install
libva-drm2:amd64                                install
libva-glx2:amd64                                install
libva-wayland2:amd64                            install
libva-x11-2:amd64                               install
libva2:amd64                                    install
libvala-0.56-0:amd64                            install
libvala-0.56-dev:amd64                          install
libvalacodegen-0.56-0:amd64                     install
libvaladoc-0.56-0:amd64                         install
libvaladoc-0.56-data                            install
libvaladoc-0.56-dev:amd64                       install
libvalapanel-dev                                install
libvalapanel0                                   install
libvdpau1:amd64                                 install
libvidstab1.1:amd64                             install
libvisio-0.1-1:amd64                            install
libvisual-0.4-0:amd64                           install
libvkd3d1:amd64                                 install
libvlc-bin:amd64                                install
libvlc5:amd64                                   install
libvlccore9:amd64                               install
libvncclient1:amd64                             install
libvo-amrwbenc0:amd64                           install
libvoikko1:amd64                                install
libvolume-key1:amd64                            install
libvorbis0a:amd64                               install
libvorbisenc2:amd64                             install
libvorbisfile3:amd64                            install
libvorbisidec1:amd64                            install
libvpx7:amd64                                   install
libvte-2.91-0:amd64                             install
libvte-2.91-common                              install
libvte-2.91-dev:amd64                           install
libvte-2.91-doc                                 install
libvte-2.91-gtk4-0:amd64                        install
libvted-3-0:amd64                               install
libvtk9.1:amd64                                 install
libvulkan-dev:amd64                             install
libvulkan1:amd64                                install
libwacom-common                                 install
libwacom-dev:amd64                              install
libwacom9:amd64                                 install
libwavpack1:amd64                               install
libwayland-bin                                  install
libwayland-client0:amd64                        install
libwayland-cursor0:amd64                        install
libwayland-dev:amd64                            install
libwayland-egl1:amd64                           install
libwayland-server0:amd64                        install
libwbclient0:amd64                              install
libweather-ion7                                 install
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37:amd64                      install
libwebkit2gtk-4.0-dev:amd64                     install
libwebkit2gtk-4.1-0:amd64                       install
libwebkitgtk-6.0-4:amd64                        install
libwebp-dev:amd64                               install
libwebp7:amd64                                  install
libwebpdemux2:amd64                             install
libwebpmux3:amd64                               install
libwebrtc-audio-processing1:amd64               install
libwhoopsie-preferences0                        install
libwhoopsie0:amd64                              install
libwine:amd64                                   install
libwinpr2-2:amd64                               install
libwireplumber-0.4-0:amd64                      install
libwlroots10:amd64                              install
libwmf-0.2-7:amd64                              install
libwmf-bin                                      install
libwmf-dev                                      install
libwmflite-0.2-7:amd64                          install
libwnck-3-0:amd64                               install
libwnck-3-common                                install
libwnck-3-dev                                   install
libwoff1:amd64                                  install
libwpd-0.10-10:amd64                            install
libwpe-1.0-1:amd64                              install
libwpebackend-fdo-1.0-1:amd64                   install
libwpg-0.3-3:amd64                              install
libwps-0.4-4:amd64                              install
libwrap0:amd64                                  install
libwww-perl                                     install
libwww-robotrules-perl                          install
libx11-6:amd64                                  install
libx11-data                                     install
libx11-dev:amd64                                install
libx11-protocol-perl                            install
libx11-xcb-dev:amd64                            install
libx11-xcb1:amd64                               install
libx264-163:amd64                               install
libx265-199:amd64                               install
libx32asan8                                     install
libx32atomic1                                   install
libx32gcc-13-dev                                install
libx32gcc-s1                                    install
libx32gomp1                                     install
libx32itm1                                      install
libx32quadmath0                                 install
libx32stdc++-13-dev                             install
libx32stdc++6                                   install
libx32ubsan1                                    install
libx86emu3:amd64                                install
libxalan2-java                                  install
libxapian30:amd64                               install
libxapp1:amd64                                  install
libxatracker2:amd64                             install
libxau-dev:amd64                                install
libxau6:amd64                                   install
libxaw7:amd64                                   install
libxcb-composite0:amd64                         install
libxcb-composite0-dev:amd64                     install
libxcb-cursor-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-cursor0:amd64                            install
libxcb-damage0:amd64                            install
libxcb-damage0-dev:amd64                        install
libxcb-dpms0:amd64                              install
libxcb-dpms0-dev:amd64                          install
libxcb-dri2-0:amd64                             install
libxcb-dri3-0:amd64                             install
libxcb-dri3-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-ewmh-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-ewmh2:amd64                              install
libxcb-glx0:amd64                               install
libxcb-glx0-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-icccm4:amd64                             install
libxcb-icccm4-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-image0:amd64                             install
libxcb-image0-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-keysyms1:amd64                           install
libxcb-keysyms1-dev:amd64                       install
libxcb-present-dev:amd64                        install
libxcb-present0:amd64                           install
libxcb-randr0:amd64                             install
libxcb-randr0-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-record0:amd64                            install
libxcb-render-util0:amd64                       install
libxcb-render-util0-dev:amd64                   install
libxcb-render0:amd64                            install
libxcb-render0-dev:amd64                        install
libxcb-res0:amd64                               install
libxcb-res0-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-shape0:amd64                             install
libxcb-shape0-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-shm0:amd64                               install
libxcb-shm0-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-sync-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-sync1:amd64                              install
libxcb-util-dev:amd64                           install
libxcb-util0-dev:amd64                          install
libxcb-util1:amd64                              install
libxcb-xfixes0:amd64                            install
libxcb-xfixes0-dev:amd64                        install
libxcb-xinerama0:amd64                          install
libxcb-xinerama0-dev:amd64                      install
libxcb-xinput-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-xinput0:amd64                            install
libxcb-xkb-dev:amd64                            install
libxcb-xkb1:amd64                               install
libxcb-xrm-dev:amd64                            install
libxcb-xrm0:amd64                               install
libxcb-xtest0:amd64                             install
libxcb-xtest0-dev:amd64                         install
libxcb-xv0:amd64                                install
libxcb1:amd64                                   install
libxcb1-dev:amd64                               install
libxcomposite-dev:amd64                         install
libxcomposite1:amd64                            install
libxcursor-dev:amd64                            install
libxcursor1:amd64                               install
libxcvt0:amd64                                  install
libxdamage-dev:amd64                            install
libxdamage1:amd64                               install
libxdg-basedir-dev                              install
libxdg-basedir1                                 install
libxdmcp-dev:amd64                              install
libxdmcp6:amd64                                 install
libxdo3:amd64                                   install
libxdot4:amd64                                  install
libxerces-c3.2:amd64                            install
libxerces2-java                                 install
libxext-dev:amd64                               install
libxext6:amd64                                  install
libxfce4panel-2.0-4                             install
libxfce4panel-2.0-dev                           install
libxfce4ui-2-0:amd64                            install
libxfce4ui-2-dev:amd64                          install
libxfce4ui-common                               install
libxfce4ui-utils                                install
libxfce4util-bin                                install
libxfce4util-common                             install
libxfce4util-dev:amd64                          install
libxfce4util7:amd64                             install
libxfconf-0-3:amd64                             install
libxfconf-0-dev:amd64                           install
libxfixes-dev:amd64                             install
libxfixes3:amd64                                install
libxfont2:amd64                                 install
libxft-dev:amd64                                install
libxft2:amd64                                   install
libxi-dev:amd64                                 install
libxi6:amd64                                    install
libxinerama-dev:amd64                           install
libxinerama1:amd64                              install
libxkbcommon-dev:amd64                          install
libxkbcommon-x11-0:amd64                        install
libxkbcommon-x11-dev:amd64                      install
libxkbcommon0:amd64                             install
libxkbfile-dev:amd64                            install
libxkbfile1:amd64                               install
libxkbregistry0:amd64                           install
libxklavier-dev:amd64                           install
libxklavier16:amd64                             install
libxml-commons-external-java                    install
libxml-commons-resolver1.1-java                 install
libxml-parser-perl                              install
libxml-twig-perl                                install
libxml-xpathengine-perl                         install
libxml2:amd64                                   install
libxml2-dev:amd64                               install
libxml2-utils                                   install
libxmlb2:amd64                                  install
libxmlgraphics-commons-java                     install
libxmlsec1:amd64                                install
libxmlsec1-nss:amd64                            install
libxmlsec1-openssl:amd64                        install
libxmu-dev:amd64                                install
libxmu-headers                                  install
libxmu6:amd64                                   install
libxmuu1:amd64                                  install
libxnvctrl-dev:amd64                            install
libxnvctrl0:amd64                               install
libxpm4:amd64                                   install
libxpresent1:amd64                              install
libxrandr-dev:amd64                             install
libxrandr2:amd64                                install
libxrender-dev:amd64                            install
libxrender1:amd64                               install
libxres-dev:amd64                               install
libxres1:amd64                                  install
libxshmfence1:amd64                             install
libxslt1.1:amd64                                install
libxss-dev:amd64                                install
libxss1:amd64                                   install
libxt-dev:amd64                                 install
libxt6:amd64                                    install
libxtables12:amd64                              install
libxtst-dev:amd64                               install
libxtst6:amd64                                  install
libxv1:amd64                                    install
libxvidcore4:amd64                              install
libxvmc1:amd64                                  install
libxxf86dga1:amd64                              install
libxxf86vm1:amd64                               install
libxxhash0:amd64                                install
libyajl2:amd64                                  install
libyaml-0-2:amd64                               install
libyaml-cpp0.7:amd64                            install
libyaml-dev:amd64                               install
libyaml-tiny-perl                               install
libyelp0:amd64                                  install
libz-mingw-w64                                  install
libzimg2:amd64                                  install
libzip4:amd64                                   install
libzmq5:amd64                                   install
libzstd-dev:amd64                               install
libzstd1:amd64                                  install
libzvbi-common                                  install
libzvbi0:amd64                                  install
libzxingcore1:amd64                             install
light-locker                                    deinstall
light-locker-settings                           deinstall
lightdm                                         install
lightdm-gtk-greeter                             install
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings                    install
linked                                          install
links                                           install
linux-base                                      install
linux-libc-dev:amd64                            install
linux-modules-6.7.6-060706-generic              install
linux-modules-6.8.0-060800rc6-generic           install
linux-sound-base                                install
linux-wifi-hotspot                              install
lm-sensors                                      install
locales                                         install
login                                           install
logrotate                                       install
logsave                                         install
lp-solve                                        install
lsb-base                                        install
lsb-release                                     install
lshw                                            install
lsof                                            install
lto-disabled-list                               install
lua-any                                         install
lua-argparse                                    install
lua-busted                                      install
lua-check                                       install
lua-cliargs                                     install
lua-discount:amd64                              install
lua-dkjson                                      install
lua-expat:amd64                                 install
lua-filesystem:amd64                            install
lua-inifile                                     install
lua-ldoc                                        install
lua-lgi:amd64                                   install
lua-lpeg:amd64                                  install
lua-luassert                                    install
lua-mediator                                    install
lua-penlight                                    install
lua-say                                         install
lua-system:amd64                                install
lua-term                                        install
lua-yaml:amd64                                  install
lua5.1                                          install
lua5.2                                          install
lua5.3                                          install
luajit                                          install
lunarclient-app                                 deinstall
lynx                                            install
lynx-common                                     install
m4                                              install
mailcap                                         install
mailspring                                      install
make                                            install
man-db                                          install
mangohud:amd64                                  install
manpages                                        install
manpages-dev                                    install
marco                                           install
marco-common                                    install
marktext                                        install
mate-applet-brisk-menu                          install
mate-applets                                    install
mate-applets-common                             install
mate-backgrounds                                install
mate-calc                                       install
mate-calc-common                                install
mate-control-center                             install
mate-control-center-common                      install
mate-desktop                                    install
mate-desktop-common                             install
mate-desktop-environment                        install
mate-desktop-environment-core                   install
mate-desktop-environment-extra                  install
mate-desktop-environment-extras                 install
mate-dock-applet                                install
mate-icon-theme                                 install
mate-indicator-applet                           install
mate-indicator-applet-common                    install
mate-media                                      install
mate-media-common                               install
mate-menu                                       install
mate-menus                                      install
mate-notification-daemon                        install
mate-notification-daemon-common                 install
mate-panel                                      install
mate-panel-common                               install
mate-polkit:amd64                               install
mate-polkit-common                              install
mate-power-manager                              install
mate-power-manager-common                       install
mate-screensaver                                install
mate-screensaver-common                         install
mate-sensors-applet                             install
mate-sensors-applet-common                      install
mate-session-manager                            install
mate-settings-daemon                            install
mate-settings-daemon-common                     install
mate-system-monitor                             install
mate-system-monitor-common                      install
mate-terminal                                   install
mate-terminal-common                            install
mate-themes                                     install
mate-tweak                                      install
mate-user-guide                                 install
mate-user-share                                 install
mate-user-share-common                          install
mate-utils                                      install
mate-utils-common                               install
mawk                                            install
mcontrolcenter                                  install
mecab-ipadic                                    install
mecab-ipadic-utf8                               install
mecab-utils                                     install
media-player-info                               install
media-types                                     install
megabasterd                                     install
memtest86+                                      install
menu                                            install
menulibre                                       install
mesa-utils                                      install
mesa-utils-bin:amd64                            install
mesa-va-drivers:amd64                           install
mesa-vdpau-drivers:amd64                        install
mesa-vulkan-drivers:amd64                       install
meson                                           install
micro                                           deinstall
microsoft-edge-stable                           install
milou                                           install
mime-support                                    install
minecraft-pi-reborn                             install
mint-themes                                     deinstall
mobile-usb-networking                           install
modemmanager                                    install
moka-icon-theme                                 deinstall
mold                                            install
mono-4.0-gac                                    install
mono-gac                                        install
mono-runtime                                    install
mono-runtime-common                             install
mono-runtime-sgen                               install
mono-utils                                      install
motd-news-config                                install
mount                                           install
mousepad                                        install
mozo                                            install
mplayer                                         install
mpv                                             install
mscompress                                      install
mtr-tiny                                        install
mugshot                                         install
mullvad-vpn                                     install
murrine-themes                                  install
muse-hub                                        install
mutter-common                                   install
mutter-common-bin                               install
mymonero                                        install
mysql-client                                    install
mysql-client-8.0                                install
mysql-client-core-8.0                           install
mysql-common                                    install
mysql-server                                    install
mysql-server-8.0                                install
mysql-server-core-8.0                           install
nala                                            install
nano                                            install
nautilus                                        install
nautilus-data                                   install
nautilus-open-in-blackbox                       install
ncal                                            install
ncurses-base                                    install
ncurses-bin                                     install
ncurses-term                                    install
neovide                                         install
neovim                                          install
nerd-fonts-cascadia-code                        deinstall
nerd-fonts-hack                                 deinstall
nerd-fonts-jetbrains-mono                       deinstall
netbase                                         install
netcat-openbsd                                  install
netpbm                                          install
netplan-generator                               install
netplan.io                                      install
nettle-dev:amd64                                install
network-manager                                 install
network-manager-gnome                           deinstall
network-manager-openconnect                     install
network-manager-openconnect-gnome               install
network-manager-openvpn                         install
network-manager-openvpn-gnome                   install
network-manager-pptp                            install
network-manager-pptp-gnome                      install
network-manager-vpnc                            install
network-manager-vpnc-gnome                      install
networkd-dispatcher                             install
nftables                                        install
ninja-build                                     install
node-esprima                                    deinstall
node-mime                                       deinstall
node-source-map                                 deinstall
node-sprintf-js                                 deinstall
nodejs                                          install
nodejs-doc                                      install
nofetch                                         deinstall
noisetorch                                      install
nomachine                                       install
nordvpn                                         install
notion                                          install
notion-app                                      install
nowpm                                           deinstall
npm                                             deinstall
ntfs-3g                                         install
nu-tongues                                      deinstall
nuclear                                         install
nuclei                                          install
numix-gtk-theme                                 install
numlockx                                        install
nushell-bin                                     deinstall
obs-backgroundremoval-0-4-0                     deinstall
obsidian                                        install
ocl-icd-libopencl1:amd64                        install
ocl-icd-opencl-dev:amd64                        install
oh-my-posh                                      deinstall
oil                                             deinstall
onefetch                                        install
onnxruntime-1-7-0-bin                           deinstall
onnxruntime-bin                                 deinstall
onnxruntime-gpu                                 install
op                                              install
opencl-c-headers                                install
opencl-clhpp-headers                            install
openconnect                                     install
opencv-data                                     install
opendoas-git                                    deinstall
openjdk-17-jdk:amd64                            install
openjdk-17-jdk-headless:amd64                   install
openjdk-17-jre:amd64                            install
openjdk-17-jre-headless:amd64                   install
openprinting-ppds                               install
opensnitch                                      install
openssh-client                                  install
openssh-server                                  install
openssh-sftp-server                             install
openssl                                         install
openvpn                                         install
opera-developer                                 install
os-prober                                       install
owofetch                                        deinstall
oxygen-sounds                                   install
p11-kit                                         install
p11-kit-modules:amd64                           install
p7zip                                           install
p7zip-full                                      install
pacget-git                                      deinstall
packagekit                                      install
packagekit-tools                                install
packages-microsoft-prod                         install
paconvert                                       install
pacstall-gui                                    install
pacstall-qa                                     deinstall
pacup                                           install
pandoc                                          install
pandoc-data                                     install
pango1.0-tools                                  install
pap                                             deinstall
paper-icon-theme                                deinstall
papirus-folders                                 deinstall
papirus-icon-theme                              install
parallel                                        install
parole                                          install
parted                                          install
partitionmanager                                install
passwd                                          install
pastebinit                                      install
patch                                           install
pavucontrol                                     install
pb-git                                          deinstall
pci.ids                                         install
pciutils                                        install
pcmciautils                                     install
pdfmm-git                                       deinstall
perl                                            install
perl-base                                       install
perl-modules-5.34                               install
perl-modules-5.36                               install
perl-openssl-defaults:amd64                     install
pfetch-bin                                      deinstall
pgmigrate                                       deinstall
phonon4qt5:amd64                                install
phonon4qt5-backend-vlc:amd64                    install
picom                                           deinstall
pinentry-curses                                 install
pinentry-gnome3                                 install
pinentry-gtk2                                   install
pipes.sh-bin                                    deinstall
pipewire:amd64                                  install
pipewire-alsa:amd64                             install
pipewire-audio                                  install
pipewire-bin                                    install
pipewire-media-session                          deinstall
pipewire-pulse                                  install
pkexec                                          install
pkg-config:amd64                                install
pkgconf:amd64                                   install
pkgconf-bin                                     install
plank                                           deinstall
plasma-browser-integration                      install
plasma-desktop                                  install
plasma-desktop-data                             install
plasma-discover                                 install
plasma-discover-backend-fwupd                   install
plasma-discover-backend-snap                    install
plasma-discover-common                          install
plasma-disks                                    install
plasma-framework                                install
plasma-integration                              install
plasma-pa                                       install
plasma-systemmonitor                            install
plasma-thunderbolt                              install
plasma-wayland-protocols                        install
plasma-workspace                                install
plasma-workspace-data                           install
plasma-workspace-dev                            install
plexmediaserver                                 install
plocate                                         deinstall
pluma                                           install
pluma-common                                    install
plymouth                                        install
plymouth-label                                  install
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text                      install
plymouth-theme-xubuntu-logo                     install
plymouth-theme-xubuntu-text                     install
po-debconf                                      install
pocketsphinx-en-us                              install
podman                                          install
policykit-1                                     install
policykit-1-gnome                               deinstall
policykit-desktop-privileges                    install
polkit-kde-agent-1                              install
polkitd                                         install
polybar                                         deinstall
pomatez                                         install
popcorn-time                                    install
poppler-data                                    install
poppler-utils                                   install
postgresql                                      install
postgresql-14                                   install
postgresql-15                                   install
postgresql-client-14                            install
postgresql-client-15                            install
postgresql-client-common                        install
postgresql-common                               install
postman                                         install
power-profiles-daemon                           install
powerdevil                                      install
powerdevil-data                                 install
powermgmt-base                                  install
ppp                                             install
pptp-linux                                      install
prettier                                        deinstall
printer-driver-brlaser                          install
printer-driver-c2esp                            install
printer-driver-foo2zjs                          install
printer-driver-foo2zjs-common                   install
printer-driver-hpcups                           install
printer-driver-m2300w                           install
printer-driver-min12xxw                         install
printer-driver-pnm2ppa                          install
printer-driver-postscript-hp                    install
printer-driver-ptouch                           install
printer-driver-pxljr                            install
printer-driver-sag-gdi                          install
printer-driver-splix                            install
procps                                          install
proj-bin                                        install
proj-data                                       install
proton-python-client                            deinstall
protonup-qt                                     install
protonvpn                                       deinstall
protonvpn-cli                                   deinstall
protonvpn-nm-lib                                deinstall
psmisc                                          install
publicsuffix                                    install
pulsar                                          install
pulseaudio                                      deinstall
pycharm-community                               install
python-apt-common                               install
python-babel-localedata                         install
python-caja-common                              install
python-is-python3                               install
python3                                         install
python3-alabaster                               install
python3-anyio                                   install
python3-apport                                  install
python3-apt                                     install
python3-aptdaemon                               install
python3-aptdaemon.gtk3widgets                   install
python3-asn1crypto                              install
python3-babel                                   install
python3-bcrypt                                  install
python3-blinker                                 install
python3-bs4                                     install
python3-cairo:amd64                             install
python3-cairocffi                               install
python3-caja                                    install
python3-certifi                                 install
python3-cffi                                    install
python3-cffi-backend:amd64                      install
python3-chardet                                 install
python3-click                                   install
python3-colorama                                install
python3-commandnotfound                         install
python3-configobj                               install
python3-cryptography                            install
python3-cups:amd64                              install
python3-cupshelpers                             install
python3-dateutil                                install
python3-dbus                                    install
python3-debian                                  install
python3-defer                                   install
python3-dev                                     install
python3-distro                                  install
python3-distro-info                             install
python3-distupgrade                             install
python3-distutils                               install
python3-docutils                                install
python3-filelock                                install
python3-gdbm:amd64                              install
python3-gi                                      install
python3-gi-cairo                                install
python3-gnupg                                   install
python3-h11                                     install
python3-html5lib                                install
python3-httpcore                                install
python3-httplib2                                install
python3-httpx                                   install
python3-ibus-1.0                                install
python3-idna                                    install
python3-imagesize                               install
python3-importlib-metadata                      install
python3-jaraco.classes                          install
python3-jeepney                                 install
python3-jinja2                                  install
python3-jwt                                     install
python3-keyring                                 install
python3-launchpadlib                            install
python3-lazr.restfulclient                      install
python3-lazr.uri                                install
python3-lib2to3                                 install
python3-lxml:amd64                              install
python3-magic                                   install
python3-mako                                    install
python3-markdown                                install
python3-markdown-it                             install
python3-markupsafe                              install
python3-mdurl                                   install
python3-mechanize                               install
python3-minimal                                 install
python3-more-itertools                          install
python3-nautilus                                install
python3-netifaces:amd64                         install
python3-netplan                                 install
python3-numpy                                   install
python3-oauthlib                                install
python3-olefile                                 install
python3-openssl                                 install
python3-packaging                               install
python3-pbr                                     install
python3-pexpect                                 install
python3-pil:amd64                               install
python3-pip                                     install
python3-pkg-resources                           install
python3-ply                                     install
python3-problem-report                          install
python3-psutil                                  install
python3-psycopg2                                install
python3-ptyprocess                              install
python3-pycparser                               install
python3-pycryptodome                            install
python3-pygments                                install
python3-pyparsing                               install
python3-pyxattr:amd64                           install
python3-requests                                install
python3-requests-file                           install
python3-rfc3986                                 install
python3-rich                                    install
python3-roman                                   install
python3-scour                                   install
python3-secretstorage                           install
python3-setproctitle:amd64                      install
python3-setuptools                              install
python3-six                                     install
python3-sniffio                                 install
python3-snowballstemmer                         install
python3-socksio                                 install
python3-software-properties                     install
python3-soupsieve                               install
python3-sphinx                                  install
python3-sqlparse                                install
python3-systemd                                 install
python3-testresources                           install
python3-tldextract                              install
python3-tomli                                   install
python3-typer                                   install
python3-typing-extensions                       install
python3-tz                                      install
python3-unittest2                               install
python3-uno                                     install
python3-update-manager                          install
python3-urllib3                                 install
python3-wadllib                                 install
python3-webencodings                            install
python3-wheel                                   install
python3-xcbgen                                  install
python3-xcffib                                  install
python3-xdg                                     install
python3-xkit                                    install
python3-xlib                                    install
python3-yaml                                    install
python3-zipp                                    install
python3.10                                      install
python3.10-minimal                              install
python3.11                                      install
python3.11-dev                                  install
python3.11-minimal                              install
qdbus-qt5                                       install
qdoc-qt5                                        install
qhelpgenerator-qt5                              install
qmake6:amd64                                    install
qmake6-bin                                      install
qml-module-gsettings1.0:amd64                   install
qml-module-org-kde-activities:amd64             install
qml-module-org-kde-bluezqt:amd64                install
qml-module-org-kde-draganddrop:amd64            install
qml-module-org-kde-kcm:amd64                    install
qml-module-org-kde-kconfig:amd64                install
qml-module-org-kde-kcoreaddons:amd64            install
qml-module-org-kde-kholidays:amd64              install
qml-module-org-kde-kio:amd64                    install
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami2                    install
qml-module-org-kde-kitemmodels:amd64            install
qml-module-org-kde-kquickcontrols:amd64         install
qml-module-org-kde-kquickcontrolsaddons:amd64   install
qml-module-org-kde-ksysguard                    install
qml-module-org-kde-kwindowsystem:amd64          install
qml-module-org-kde-newstuff                     install
qml-module-org-kde-people:amd64                 install
qml-module-org-kde-prison:amd64                 install
qml-module-org-kde-purpose:amd64                install
qml-module-org-kde-qqc2desktopstyle             install
qml-module-org-kde-quickcharts                  install
qml-module-org-kde-runnermodel                  install
qml-module-org-kde-solid:amd64                  install
qml-module-org-kde-sonnet:amd64                 install
qml-module-org-kde-userfeedback:amd64           install
qml-module-qt-labs-folderlistmodel:amd64        install
qml-module-qt-labs-platform:amd64               install
qml-module-qt-labs-qmlmodels:amd64              install
qml-module-qt-labs-settings:amd64               install
qml-module-qtgraphicaleffects:amd64             install
qml-module-qtmultimedia:amd64                   install
qml-module-qtqml:amd64                          install
qml-module-qtqml-models2:amd64                  install
qml-module-qtquick-controls:amd64               install
qml-module-qtquick-controls2:amd64              install
qml-module-qtquick-dialogs:amd64                install
qml-module-qtquick-layouts:amd64                install
qml-module-qtquick-particles2:amd64             install
qml-module-qtquick-privatewidgets:amd64         install
qml-module-qtquick-shapes:amd64                 install
qml-module-qtquick-templates2:amd64             install
qml-module-qtquick-virtualkeyboard:amd64        install
qml-module-qtquick-window2:amd64                install
qml-module-qtquick2:amd64                       install
qml-module-qtwebengine:amd64                    install
qml-module-ubuntu-onlineaccounts:amd64          install
qml6-module-qtcharts:amd64                      install
qogir-gtk-theme-bin                             deinstall
qogir-icon-theme-bin                            deinstall
qsynth                                          install
qt5-assistant                                   install
qt5-gtk-platformtheme:amd64                     install
qt5-qmake:amd64                                 install
qt5-qmake-bin                                   install
qt5-qmltooling-plugins:amd64                    install
qt5-style-kvantum                               install
qt5-style-kvantum-l10n                          install
qt5-style-kvantum-themes                        install
qt6-base-dev:amd64                              install
qt6-base-dev-tools                              install
qt6-base-private-dev:amd64                      install
qt6-declarative-dev:amd64                       install
qt6-declarative-dev-tools                       install
qt6-gtk-platformtheme:amd64                     install
qt6-image-formats-plugins                       install
qt6-l10n-tools                                  install
qt6-multimedia-dev:amd64                        install
qt6-pdf-dev:amd64                               install
qt6-positioning-dev:amd64                       install
qt6-qmltooling-plugins:amd64                    install
qt6-qpa-plugins:amd64                           install
qt6-tools-dev:amd64                             install
qt6-tools-dev-tools                             install
qt6-webengine-dev:amd64                         install
qt6-webengine-dev-tools                         install
qtattributionsscanner-qt5                       install
qtbase5-dev:amd64                               install
qtbase5-dev-tools                               install
qtbase5-private-dev:amd64                       install
qtchooser                                       install
qtdeclarative5-dev:amd64                        install
qtdeclarative5-dev-tools                        install
qtlocation5-dev:amd64                           install
qtpositioning5-dev:amd64                        install
qtquickcontrols2-5-dev:amd64                    install
qtscript5-dev:amd64                             install
qtspeech5-speechd-plugin:amd64                  install
qttools5-dev:amd64                              install
qttools5-dev-tools                              install
qttranslations5-l10n                            install
qtvirtualkeyboard-plugin:amd64                  install
qtwayland5:amd64                                install
qtwayland5-dev-tools                            install
qtwebengine5-dev:amd64                          install
qtwebengine5-dev-tools                          install
qtwebengine5-doc                                install
quarto                                          install
quintom-cursor-theme                            install
rake                                            install
raspi-config                                    install
rclone                                          install
readline-common                                 install
renpy                                           install
reshade-shaders-git                             deinstall
rfkill                                          install
rhino-docker-builder                            install
rhino-kvantum-theme                             install
rhino-neofetch                                  install
rhino-pkg                                       install
rhino-plymouth-theme                            install
rhino-setup                                     install
rhythmbox                                       install
rhythmbox-data                                  install
rhythmbox-plugin-alternative-toolbar            install
rhythmbox-plugins                               install
ristretto                                       install
rlwrap                                          install
rpcs3                                           install
rpcsvc-proto                                    install
rsync                                           install
rsyslog                                         install
rtkit                                           install
rtmpdump                                        install
ruby                                            install
ruby-asciidoctor                                install
ruby-net-telnet                                 install
ruby-rubygems                                   install
ruby-sdbm:amd64                                 install
ruby-webrick                                    install
ruby-xmlrpc                                     install
ruby3.1                                         install
rubygems-integration                            install
rust-motd                                       install
rustc                                           install
rustdesk                                        install
rygel                                           install
samba-libs:amd64                                install
sane-airscan                                    install
sane-utils                                      install
sassc                                           install
sbsigntool                                      install
scanmem                                         install
scdoc                                           install
schildichat-desktop                             install
scour                                           install
screen                                          deinstall
scummvm                                         install
scummvm-data                                    install
seahorse                                        install
seahorse-daemon                                 install
secureboot-db                                   install
sed                                             install
sensible-utils                                  install
session-migration                               install
sgml-base                                       install
sgml-data                                       install
sgt-launcher                                    install
sgt-puzzles                                     install
shared-mime-info                                install
shellcheck                                      install
shellharden                                     install
shfmt                                           install
shimmer-themes                                  install
show-motd                                       install
shunit2                                         install
sidequest                                       install
signal-desktop                                  install
signal-desktop-beta                             install
signon-plugin-oauth2                            install
simple-scan                                     install
slack-desktop                                   install
slirp4netns                                     install
smartmontools                                   install
smtube                                          install
snapd                                           install
socat                                           install
software-properties-common                      install
software-properties-gtk                         install
sonnet-plugins:amd64                            install
sound-icons                                     install
sound-theme-freedesktop                         install
speech-dispatcher                               install
speech-dispatcher-audio-plugins:amd64           install
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng                     install
sphinx-common                                   install
spice-vdagent                                   install
spirv-tools                                     install
squashfs-tools                                  install
ssh-import-id                                   install
sshfs                                           install
ssl-cert                                        install
st                                              install
starship                                        install
steamtinkerlaunch                               install
stellarium                                      install
stockfish                                       install
strace                                          install
stunnel4                                        install
sublime-merge                                   install
sublime-text                                    install
sudo                                            install
surf                                            install
suru-icon-theme                                 install
switcheroo-control                              install
synaptic                                        install
sysstat                                         install
system-config-printer-common                    install
system-config-printer-udev                      install
system-tools-backends                           install
systemd                                         install
systemd-dev                                     install
systemd-hwe-hwdb                                install
systemd-resolved                                install
systemd-sysv                                    install
systemd-timesyncd                               install
systemsettings                                  install
sysvinit-utils                                  install
tabby-terminal                                  install
tailscale                                       install
tar                                             install
tcl                                             install
tcl8.6                                          install
tcpdump                                         install
tdrop                                           install
teams-for-linux                                 install
tecla                                           install
tela-circle-icon-theme                          install
telegram                                        install
telnet                                          install
tex-common                                      deinstall
texstudio                                       install
thorium-browser                                 install
thrive-launcher                                 install
thunar                                          install
thunar-archive-plugin                           install
thunar-data                                     install
thunar-media-tags-plugin                        install
thunar-volman                                   install
thunderbird                                     install
ticktick                                        install
tidal-hifi                                      install
tilix                                           install
tilix-common                                    install
time                                            install
timeshift                                       install
timgm6mb-soundfont                              install
tixati                                          install
tlp                                             install
tlp-rdw                                         install
tmpmail                                         install
tmux                                            deinstall
tnftp                                           install
topgrade                                        install
tor                                             deinstall
torguard                                        install
touchegg                                        install
tpm-udev                                        install
tracker                                         install
tracker-extract                                 install
tracker-miner-fs                                install
transmission-common                             install
transmission-gtk                                install
tre                                             install
tree                                            install
treefetch-bin                                   deinstall
triggerhappy                                    install
ttf-mscorefonts-installer                       install
tumbler:amd64                                   install
tumbler-common                                  install
tumbler-plugins-extra:amd64                     install
tzdata                                          install
u-boot-menu                                     install
ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon                 install
ubuntu-advantage-tools                          install
ubuntu-docs                                     install
ubuntu-drivers-common                           install
ubuntu-keyring                                  install
ubuntu-mate-default-settings                    install
ubuntu-mate-icon-themes                         install
ubuntu-mate-themes                              install
ubuntu-mono                                     install
ubuntu-pro-client-l10n                          install
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core                    install
ubuntu-restricted-addons                        install
ubuntu-restricted-extras                        install
ubuntu-session                                  install
ubuntu-standard                                 install
ubuntu-wallpapers                               install
ubuntu-wallpapers-mantic                        install
ucf                                             install
udev                                            install
udisks2                                         install
ufw                                             install
uidmap                                          install
ukui-greeter                                    install
unattended-upgrades                             install
unicorn-desktop                                 deinstall
unity-gtk-module-common                         deinstall
universal-ctags-git                             deinstall
unixodbc-common                                 install
uno-libs-private                                install
unrar                                           install
unzip                                           install
update-inetd                                    install
update-manager-core                             install
update-motd                                     install
update-notifier                                 deinstall
update-notifier-common                          deinstall
upower                                          install
upscayl                                         install
ure                                             install
urlview                                         install
usb-modeswitch                                  install
usb-modeswitch-data                             install
usb.ids                                         install
usbmuxd                                         install
usbutils                                        install
usrmerge                                        install
uthash-dev:amd64                                install
util-linux                                      install
uuid-dev:amd64                                  install
uuid-runtime                                    install
va-driver-all:amd64                             install
vala-panel-appmenu-common                       deinstall
vala-panel-common                               deinstall
valac                                           install
valac-0.56-vapi                                 install
valac-bin                                       install
vdpau-driver-all:amd64                          install
vim                                             install
vim-common                                      install
vim-runtime                                     install
vim-tiny                                        install
vivaldi-stable                                  install
vkbasalt:amd64                                  install
vlc                                             install
vlc-bin                                         install
vlc-data                                        install
vlc-l10n                                        install
vlc-plugin-access-extra:amd64                   install
vlc-plugin-base:amd64                           install
vlc-plugin-notify:amd64                         install
vlc-plugin-qt:amd64                             install
vlc-plugin-samba:amd64                          install
vlc-plugin-skins2:amd64                         install
vlc-plugin-video-output:amd64                   install
vlc-plugin-video-splitter:amd64                 install
vlc-plugin-visualization:amd64                  install
vpnc                                            install
vpnc-scripts                                    install
vulkan-tools                                    install
w3m                                             install
waf                                             deinstall
walc-app                                        deinstall
wamerican                                       install
watchexec-bin                                   deinstall
wayland-protocols                               install
wdiff                                           install
webapp-manager                                  install
webp-pixbuf-loader:amd64                        install
wezterm                                         install
wgcf-bin                                        deinstall
wget                                            install
whatsie                                         install
whiptail                                        install
whoopsie                                        install
whoopsie-preferences                            install
wine                                            install
wine64                                          install
winetricks                                      install
wireless-regdb                                  install
wireless-tools                                  install
wireplumber                                     install
wl-clipboard                                    install
wmctrl                                          install
wmdocker                                        install
wpasupplicant                                   install
wsl-setup                                       install
wsysmon                                         install
x11-apps                                        install
x11-common                                      install
x11-session-utils                               install
x11-utils                                       install
x11-xkb-utils                                   install
x11-xserver-utils                               install
x11proto-dev                                    install
xapps-common                                    install
xarchiver                                       install
xauth                                           install
xbitmaps                                        install
xcape                                           install
xcb                                             install
xcb-proto                                       install
xclip                                           install
xcursor-themes                                  install
xcvt                                            install
xdelta3                                         install
xdg-dbus-proxy                                  install
xdg-desktop-portal                              install
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk                          install
xdg-desktop-portal-kde                          install
xdg-user-dirs                                   install
xdg-user-dirs-gtk                               install
xdg-utils                                       install
xdotool                                         install
xfburn                                          install
xfce4-appfinder                                 install
xfce4-clipman                                   install
xfce4-clipman-plugin:amd64                      install
xfce4-cpugraph-plugin:amd64                     install
xfce4-dev-tools                                 install
xfce4-dict                                      install
xfce4-helpers                                   install
xfce4-indicator-plugin                          install
xfce4-mailwatch-plugin                          install
xfce4-netload-plugin                            install
xfce4-notes                                     install
xfce4-notes-plugin                              install
xfce4-notifyd                                   install
xfce4-panel                                     install
xfce4-panel-profiles                            install
xfce4-places-plugin                             install
xfce4-power-manager                             install
xfce4-power-manager-data                        install
xfce4-power-manager-plugins                     install
xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin:amd64                   install
xfce4-screensaver                               install
xfce4-screenshooter                             install
xfce4-session                                   install
xfce4-settings                                  install
xfce4-statusnotifier-plugin:amd64               install
xfce4-systemload-plugin:amd64                   install
xfce4-taskmanager                               install
xfce4-terminal                                  install
xfce4-verve-plugin:amd64                        install
xfce4-weather-plugin:amd64                      install
xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin:amd64                  install
xfce4-xkb-plugin:amd64                          install
xfconf                                          install
xfdashboard                                     deinstall
xfdesktop4                                      install
xfdesktop4-data                                 install
xfonts-75dpi                                    install
xfonts-base                                     install
xfonts-encodings                                install
xfonts-scalable                                 install
xfonts-utils                                    install
xfwm4                                           install
xiccd                                           install
xinit                                           install
xinput                                          install
xkb-data                                        install
xmind-vana                                      install
xml-core                                        install
xmlto                                           install
xonotic                                         deinstall
xorg                                            install
xorg-docs-core                                  install
xorg-sgml-doctools                              install
xserver-common                                  install
xserver-xephyr                                  install
xserver-xorg                                    install
xserver-xorg-core                               install
xserver-xorg-input-all                          install
xserver-xorg-input-libinput                     install
xserver-xorg-input-multitouch                   install
xserver-xorg-input-synaptics                    install
xserver-xorg-input-wacom                        install
xserver-xorg-legacy                             install
xserver-xorg-video-all                          install
xserver-xorg-video-amdgpu                       install
xserver-xorg-video-ati                          install
xserver-xorg-video-fbdev                        install
xserver-xorg-video-intel                        install
xserver-xorg-video-nouveau                      install
xserver-xorg-video-qxl                          install
xserver-xorg-video-radeon                       install
xserver-xorg-video-vesa                         install
xserver-xorg-video-vmware                       install
xsettingsd                                      install
xsltproc                                        install
xterm                                           install
xtrans-dev                                      install
xubuntu-artwork                                 install
xubuntu-community-wallpapers                    install
xubuntu-community-wallpapers-jammy              install
xubuntu-core                                    install
xubuntu-default-settings                        install
xubuntu-docs                                    install
xubuntu-wallpapers                              install
xul-ext-ubufox                                  install
xutils-dev                                      install
xwayland                                        install
xxd                                             install
xz-utils                                        install
yabridge                                        deinstall
yad                                             install
yafetch                                         install
yandex-disk                                     install
yaru-theme-gnome-shell                          install
yaru-theme-gtk                                  install
yaru-theme-icon                                 install
yaru-theme-unity                                install
yelp                                            install
yelp-xsl                                        install
youtube-dl-git                                  deinstall
youtube-music                                   install
yt-dlp                                          deinstall
yudit-common                                    install
zap                                             deinstall
zenity                                          install
zenity-common                                   install
zentile                                         install
zig-bin                                         deinstall
zip                                             install
zlib1g:amd64                                    install
zlib1g-dev:amd64                                install
zoom                                            install
zotero                                          deinstall
zsh                                             install
zsh-autosuggestions                             install
zsh-common                                      install
zsh-history-substring-search                    install
zsh-syntax-highlighting                         install
zstd                                            install
